Google's parent company Alphabet is rolling out its artificial intelligence chatbot Bard in Europe and Brazil.

It is the product's biggest expansion since its March launch in the US and the UK and heats up the rivalry with Microsoft's ChatGPT.

Both are examples of generative AI that can respond to questions in a human-like way.

Bard's launch in the EU had been held up after the main data regulator in the bloc raised privacy concerns.

The Irish Data Protection Commission said that the tech giant had not provided enough information about how its generative AI tool protects Europeans' privacy to justify an EU launch.

The company said it has since met the watchdogs to reassure them on issues relating to transparency, choice and control.

In a briefing with journalists, Amar Subramanya, engineering vice president of Bard, added that users could opt out of their data being collected.

Mr Subramanya declined to comment on whether there were plans to develop a Bard app.

"Bard is an experiment," he said. "We want to be bold and responsible."

Google has also now added new features to Bard, which apply worldwide.

These include the ability for the chatbot to speak its answers back to you and for it to respond to prompts that also include images.

"Starting today, you can collaborate with Bard in over 40 languages, including Arabic, Chinese, German, Hindi and Spanish," Google senior product director Jack Krawczyk said in a blog post.

"Sometimes hearing something out loud can help you approach your idea in a different way. This is especially helpful if you want to hear the correct pronunciation of a word or listen to a poem or script."

He said users can now change the tone and style of Bard's responses to either simple, long, short, professional or casual.

They can also pin or rename conversations, export code to more places and use images in prompts.

The hype around the capabilities of generative AI has prompted global tech figures to call for a halt on their development.

Depending on who you speak to, AI could either lead to the end of humanity or solve climate change, or both.

Over the last six months companies have been investing billions with the hope of generating much more in advertising and cloud revenue.

Mistral AI, a start-up that was just a month old, picked up an £86m round of seed funding to build and train large language models.

This week Elon Musk announced the formation of an AI start-up called xAI, with a team including several engineers that have worked at OpenAI and Google.

Mr Musk has previously stated he believes developments in AI should be paused and that the sector needs regulation.

Elsewhere American AI company Anthropic launched another rival chatbot to ChatGPT called Claude 2, which can summarise novel-sized blocks of text.

Claude 2 is publicly available in the US and the UK and uses a safety method described by the company as "Constitutional AI", referring to a set of principles to make judgements about the text it is producing.

Nonetheless, novelty appeal in AI chatbots may be waning, with recent web user numbers showing that monthly traffic to ChatGPT's website and unique visitors declined for the first time in June.

Google has also been hit by a fresh class action in the US over the alleged misuse of users' personal information to train Bard.

The complaint, filed in San Francisco federal court by eight individuals seeking to represent millions of internet users and copyright holders, said Google's unauthorised scraping of data from websites violated their privacy and property rights.

"Google does not own the internet, it does not own our creative works, it does not own our expressions of our personhood, pictures of our families and children, or anything else simply because we share it online," the plaintiffs' attorney Ryan Clarkson said in a statement.

Emergency general surgery was moved from Daisy Hill in February 2022

A shortage of consultants at Daisy Hill Hospital in Newry means delivering inpatient care in general medicine is at risk.

The Southern Health Trust said it was working with other trusts in Northern Ireland and the Department of Health "to help us through this situation".

It has also emerged that the hospital's stroke service is being withdrawn from 09:00 BST on 31 May.

That is because the hospital's one remaining specialist is leaving.

The trust said recruiting and retaining medical staff has been a major issue in the hospital in recent years.

"The pressures have now escalated with increasing reliance on medical locum cover and a number of consultant medical staff ending their tenure at the hospital," it added.

"These challenges are putting services at the hospital - such as respiratory and gastrointestinal (GI) inpatient medical provision - at risk.

"Every avenue is being pursued to protect services."

Southern Trust chief executive Dr Maria O'Kane told BBC's Evening Extra programme that in the last year "nine consultants have left and six of those left during the last three to six months".

With only one such medical consultant remaining, the trust has said it cannot staff rotas to ensure all services are delivered safely.

According to sources, senior management told a trust board meeting on Thursday it would take at least six months to stabilise the system, but action needed to be taken in advance of the summer holidays.

Medical consultants diagnose, admit and treat patients who may come into hospital via the emergency department (ED).

Their specialities include cardiovascular and respiratory disease, as well as gastrointestinal disease.

Without that expertise, a hospital is unable to function at its full capacity.

In future, people who become ill, including those who suffer a stroke, may have to travel to Craigavon, Ulster, or Royal Victoria Hospitals, or to a hospital in the Republic of Ireland.

It is understood senior staff plan to have talks with Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda.

Craigavon Area Hospital, which is about 30 minutes drive from Daisy Hill, is likely to inherit most of the overflow.

The trust said that as there are "insufficient substantive stroke consultants at Daisy Hill", the decision had been taken "on patient safety grounds to again divert all acute stroke patients to Craigavon Area Hospital".

The trust said recruiting and retaining medical staff has been a major issue in the hospital in recent years

It said this would come into effect from 09:00 on 31 May and that the same measure was taken in February "due to unforeseen staffing issues".

Craigavon Area Hospital often reports delays in its own emergency department.

In February, the Southern Health Trust announced the relocation of emergency general surgery from Daisy Hill to Craigavon.

Previously the trust had described that move as "interim" and due to ongoing recruitment challenges.

In October, the then health minister, Robin Swann announced that Daisy Hill Hospital was to become an elective overnight stay centre.

At the time, he said centres were being established as part of a reorganisation of surgery services.

Several clinicians and the public voiced concern about the future of the hospital.

Those consultants who have recently left Daisy Hill Hospital have retired, resigned, moved to another hospital in Northern Ireland or moved to the Republic of Ireland.

The trust, however, has insisted that general emergency surgery, the emergency department and maternity services were all currently safe.

Craigavon Area Hospital often reports delays in its own emergency department

The trust has said it plans to increase its acute care at home service.

That means patients who are normally admitted to hospital will be treated by clinicians at home instead.

Dr Tom Black, chairman of the British Medical Association (BMA) in Northern Ireland, said the announcement that some services are being withdrawn from Daisy Hill Hospital is "extremely worrying".

"Acute medical services at the hospital look increasingly precarious," he said.

"Transformation due to service collapse benefits neither patients nor doctors and destabilises services for patients.

"There will be a knock-on effect on services in Craigavon Hospital and any further attrition would impact GP services in the area as well, thus putting unacceptable pressure on different parts of the health service."

Dr Donal Duffin, was a consultant physician at Daisy Hill Hospital for a number of years, and is a member of the Daisy Hill Futures Group.

He said there had been a "significant problem" with the retention of senior staff at the Daisy Hill site and that the hospital was a critical part of the healthcare system in Northern Ireland.

"At the moment the remaining staff are pulling out all the stops, keeping things going as far as they can, but this is not a sustainable situation without a dramatic intervention by the trust, but I don't think that's enough, I think it has to involve the trust, the Department of Health and the politicians," he told BBC News NI.

Dr Maria O'Kane says the shortage of medical staff is extremely challenging in Northern Ireland

Dr O'Kane told the trust's monthly board meeting that the shortage of consultants, difficulties recruiting specialist grade and junior doctors and the "serious over-reliance" on locum doctors "are matters of great concern in meeting the demand for acute inpatient medicine and providing stable medical staffing cover in our medical wards".

"This situation is certainly not unique to Daisy Hill Hospital," she said.

"The shortage of medical staff is extremely challenging in Northern Ireland, and indeed further afield."

She added that the trust continued to pursue every viable option to minimise the impact of this situation and stabilise its workforce.

In April, several hundred people attended a protest in Newry over the planned removal of emergency general surgery at Daisy Hill Hospital

Ms O'Kane said a meeting would take place next week involving all trusts to "seek support to address these challenges".

She said it needed to be recognised that medical staffing is "already stretched across Craigavon Area and other NI hospitals, so any support is likely to be limited".

"Our initial focus will be to stabilise staffing for the summer months in anticipation of a more permanent solution," she said.

"Ensuring patient safety and supporting our staff will be absolute priorities.

"We are very proud of the care provided by our medical staff, who have been working in very difficult circumstances."

Separately, the number of people on hospital waiting lists in Northern Ireland has been described as "entirely unacceptable" by the Department of Health's permanent secretary Peter May.

The latest figures show that in the first quarter this year 401,201 people were waiting for their first outpatient appointment with a consultant.

That is 27,174 more than at the same time last year.

The statistics also show that 81% of patients were waiting more than nine weeks for a first consultant-led outpatient appointment.

One of the department's targets was that by March this year at least 50% of patients should wait no longer than nine weeks for this.

However, there has been some progress.

The number of inpatient and day case admissions waiting more than 13 weeks to be admitted for treatment was down, from 102,164 at the same time last year to 94,305 at the end of March.

The Northern Ireland director of the Royal College of Surgeons (RCS), Prof Mark Taylor expressed "grave concern" at the figures.

"The waiting time figures come on the back of a hammer blow to elective recovery this week by the Department of Health after it revealed plans to axe £34m from its waiting lists initiative programme due to huge budget pressures," he said.

Sir Elton John, Carole King and Hilary Clinton were among those paying tribute to Bennett (pictured in 2017)

Tony Bennett was "singing at his piano" just days before he died, his representatives have revealed.

The legendary New York pop and jazz singer died on Friday aged 96.

A statement posted on his Twitter account said: "Tony left us today but he was still singing the other day at his piano and his last song was Because of You, his first #1 hit.

"Tony, because of you we have your songs in our heart forever."

Sir Elton John, Carole King and Hilary Clinton were among those paying tribute to the star on social media.

Bennett was known for songs such as The Way You Look Tonight, Body and Soul and (I Left My Heart) In San Francisco.

He also collaborated with star performers from Lady Gaga to Aretha Franklin and Frank Sinatra, who called him "the best singer in the business".

During a career that spanned eight decades, Bennett sold millions of records and won 20 Grammys, including a lifetime achievement award.

Bennett had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2016

Bennett's death was confirmed by his publicist Sylvia Weiner in a statement to the Associated Press.

She said he died in his hometown of New York. No specific cause of death was announced, but Bennett had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2016.

Sir Elton John led the tributes on social media, writing in a statement posted on his Instagram that he was "so sad to hear of Tony's passing".

"Without doubt the classiest singer, man, and performer you will ever see," Sir Elton said. "He's irreplaceable. I loved and adored him. Condolences to Susan, Danny and the family."

The White House released a statement saying that "Tony Bennett didn't just sing the classics - he himself was an American classic" and praising his enduring contributions to American life.

Former US first lady Hillary Clinton described Bennett as a "true talent, a true gentleman, and a true friend". She tweeted: "We'll miss you, Tony, and thanks for all the memories."

Singer Carole King said: "RIP Tony Bennett. Such a big loss. Deepest sympathy to his family and the world."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Tony Bennett This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In a statement to Rolling Stone, singer Billy Joel said: "Tony Bennett was the one of the most important interpreters of American popular song during the mid to late 20th Century.

"He championed songwriters who might otherwise have remained unknown to many millions of music fans. His was a unique voice that made the transition from the era of Jazz into the age of Pop.

"I will always be grateful for his outstanding contribution to the art of contemporary music. He was a joy to work with. His energy and enthusiasm for the material he was performing was infectious. He was also one of the nicest human beings I've ever known."

Director Martin Scorsese added: "Tony Bennett was a consummate artist. All you have to do is listen to any one of his hundreds of recordings to recognise that.

"Very early on, his music quietly wove itself into the fabric of our lives. His voice felt as familiar and as close as the voices of our loved ones. I know that this was true for millions of people around the world."

Bennett (pictured in 2003) won 19 competitive Grammys as well as an additional lifetime achievement award

Born Anthony Dominick Benedetto, to a family of Italian immigrants, Bennett was just nine years old when his father died, plunging the family further into poverty.

As a teenager he became a singing waiter before enrolling to study music and painting at New York's School of Industrial Art.

He was drafted into the US army in 1944 to fight in France and Germany towards the end of World War Two. "It's legalised murder," he said of the scarring experience in an interview with the Guardian in 2013.

After returning home, his singing career continued - first under the name Joe Bari - and his breakthrough came in 1951 the song Because of You, which gave him first number one.

He changed his name to the Americanised Tony Bennett on the say so of fellow entertainer Bob Hope.

Bennett soon became a teenage icon, releasing his first album in 1952. The same year his wedding was besieged by female fans in mourning.

He went on to chart in the US in every subsequent decade of his life, building a reputation for making timeless swinging jazz-inflected pop hits - like Blue Velvet and Rags to Riches - and, later, show tunes and big band numbers.

Bennett pictured performing with singer KD Lang in New York in 2002

His 1962 version of a song from the previous decade, I Left My Heart in San Francisco, sent his star into an even bigger orbit, winning him two Grammys.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs about his love of the excitement of jazz he said: "Jazz artists live for the moment."

Bennett was a supporter of the civil rights movement and took part in the 1965 Selma to Montgomery marches while also refusing to perform in apartheid-era South Africa.

However, with the arrival of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones into the US, as the decade rolled on his relevance faded.

Personal problems followed, including the end of two marriages and drug addiction.

He performed through the pain, recording two records with pianist Bill Evans.

After hiring his son Danny to become his manager and reuniting with his pianist and musical director Ralph Sharon, his fortunes began to change.

He enjoyed a revival in the 1980s and 1990s, when Grammy awards flooded in for the star, then in his sixties.

His 1986 comeback album, The Art of Excellence, got the ball rolling again for the star who had returned to New York from Las Vegas.

Bennett, pictured on the BBC Breakfast show in 2010, became the torchbearer for the Great American Songbook, releasing more than 70 albums in total

He followed it with the chart-topping Perfectly Frank, a tribute to his musical hero Sinatra, before 1994's MTV Unplugged saw Bennett win the Grammy for album of the year.

In an interview with the Independent in 2008, Bennett said he had not been surprised by his renewed success.

"Good music is good music," he said. "I'm not concerned with whether someone who listens to me is old or young. In fact, in many ways, I'm not interested in the young at all.

"I'm interested in age. People learn to live properly when they get of an age, you know? The late Duke Ellington once said to me that he was really offended by the word category.

"Music has no category; it's either good or it isn't, and I sing good songs, great songs, written by the best songwriters. It's that kind of quality that makes them last. Trust me, people will be singing these songs forever."

Bennett remained perpetually cool enough to win over new legions of fans.

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by tonybennettVEVO This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

He collaborated with a host of younger artists - who adored him - including Amy Winehouse, Queen Latifah and Carrie Underwood on the follow-up to 2006's Duets: An American Classic, which had earlier seen him sing with Paul McCartney, Stevie Wonder and George Michael.

in 2014, his joint album with Lady Gaga, Cheek to Cheek, made him the oldest living act to reach the top of the US charts, at 88, breaking his own previous record.

Gaga described the results of working with the "legend" as "the most important album of my career."

Shortly after his 90th birthday he told the New York Times: "I could have retired 16 years ago, but I just love what I'm doing."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Gaga inspired Bennett so much that he went backstage to meet her after a concert to line up his next collaboration

In 2021, five years after his 2016 Alzheimer's diagnosis, Bennett performed his final shows alongside Gaga, with whom, for younger fans, he became closely associated.

He posted on social media at the time: "Life is a gift - even with Alzheimer's."

Away from music, as a keen painter, Bennett had his work displayed in galleries. He also founded the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in his hometown Queens.

He is survived by four children: Danny, Dae, Joanna and Antonia, as well as his wife Susan Crow.

Paying tribute to the singer, musician Nile Rogers said "My most heartfelt condolences go out to Tony Bennett's family and friends."

Singer Ozzy Osbourne said he was "very sad to hear about Tony Bennett's passing," while Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards posted a 2015 photo of himself with the singer and wrote: "May you Rest in Peace, Tony Bennett."
• None Tony Bennett: 'The best singer in the business'

The fence is lined with photos of people killed by the Islamic State group

The invasion of March 2003 was a catastrophe for Iraq and its people.

More proof of that, measured in broken lives, was at a suspected site of a mass grave in the desert outside Sinjar, not far from the border with Syria.

Survivors of one of Iraq's damaged communities, the Yazidis, looked on as the earth in a marble quarry was excavated. On a wire fence around the site were photos of dozens of people, mostly men, who had been killed by jihadists from the Islamic State group. They were from Zile-li, a village near the quarry, where 1,800 men were taken and killed on 3 August 2014.

The Yazidis revere both the Quran and the Bible; their religion is influenced by both Christianity and Islam. Islamic State considered them to be infidels and carried out a genocidal assault. It happened after the Americans and British had ended their occupation, but a direct line links the massacre to the invasion, and the disastrous years that followed.

Among those watching the excavation was Naif Jasso, the Sheikh of Kocho, a Yazidi community that suffered an even worse attack than Zile-li. He said that in Kocho, 517 people out of a population of 1,250 were killed by jihadists from IS, also known as ISIS or Daesh.

In Zile-li, men were separated from their families at gunpoint and shot dead at the quarry. Sofian Saleh, who was 16 at the time, was among the crowd at the excavation. He is one of only two men from Zile-li who survived. As he waited for death with his father, brother and 20 to 30 other men, he saw another group shot dead. Their bodies tumbled down a cliff into the quarry. Then it was their turn.

"They tied our hands from behind before the shooting. They took us and threw us on the ground," he said.

Sofian's father and brother were killed, but he survived because bodies fell on him, covering him up.

Sofian Saleh is one of only two men who survived

Islamic State was using its favourite tactic. First, they killed the men, then took the women as slaves. Children were removed from their mothers to be indoctrinated as IS recruits. A mother sitting near the suspected grave wept as she remembered the baby ripped from her and given to a jihadist family.

Next to the wire fence around the site, Suad Daoud Chatto, a woman in her 20s, stood with a poster. On it were the faces of nine men from her extended family who were killed, and two missing female relatives. She said jihadists captured her in 2014 when she was 16, along with many other women and girls, and held her in Syria. She remained until 2019, when she was rescued as the Caliphate collapsed.

Suad Daoud Chatto holds a poster showing nine of her relatives who were killed

"They were like barbarians, they kept us in handcuffs for a long time. Our hands were still tied even during the meals," she said.

"They married me off many times… they were marrying the slaves. They did not spare anyone. We were all raped. They were killing people before our eyes. They killed all the Yazidi men - they killed eight of my uncles. They destroyed many families."

In the end, only a few bags of human bones were found at the site. Dozens of others are still to excavated.

By the time IS rampaged through Iraq in the summer of 2014, the US and the UK had ended their occupation. Jihadist ideology existed long before the invasion, and had inspired the 9/11 attacks.

But far from destroying the ideology of Osama Bin Laden and the jihadist extremists, the years of chaos and brutality set off in 2003 turbo-charged murderous jihadist violence. Al-Qaeda, broken for a while by an alliance between the Americans and Sunni tribes, regenerated into the even more barbarous IS.

Iraq is more stable so far this year than it has been for a long while. Baghdad, Mosul and other cities are much safer. But Iraqis feel the results of the invasion every day. Its consequences have shaped and blighted millions of lives and changed their country profoundly.

It is a grim irony that the invasion has dropped out of political and public debate in the US, which conceived and led it, and in the UK, its closest ally in the coalition. The Americans and British bear a heavy responsibility for what happened after the invasion, and its consequences also affect them.

Iraq's tyrant, Saddam Hussein, was well worth overthrowing - he had imprisoned and killed thousands of Iraqis, even using chemical weapons against rebellious Kurds. The problem was how it was done, the way the US and UK ignored international law, and the violence that gripped Iraq after the Bush administration failed to make a plan to fill the power vacuum created by regime change.

The past 20 years since the invasion, coming on top of Saddam's dictatorship, add up to almost half a century of torture for the Iraqi people.

Even for those who were there, it is hard to recreate the febrile atmosphere of "fear, power and hubris", as one historian put it recently, that gripped the US in the 18 months between al-Qaeda's 9/11 attacks in 2001 and the invasion of Iraq.

I was in New York a few days after the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center were destroyed, as F-15 jets patrolled above Manhattan. It was a visible demonstration of American force, as the biggest military power on the planet worked out how to respond.

The shock of the attacks swiftly produced George W Bush's declaration of "war on terror" against al-Qaeda and its jihadist fellow travellers. UK Prime Minister Tony Blair chartered Concorde to cross the Atlantic to offer support. He believed Britain's best guarantee of influence in the world was to stay close to the White House.

US President George W Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the White House in November 2001

They moved fast against al-Qaeda's network in Afghanistan. Before the end of the year, a US-led coalition removed the Taliban regime from power when it refused to give up al-Qaeda's leader, Osama Bin Laden. Kabul was not enough for America.

President Bush and his advisors saw a global threat to the US. They thought states that opposed them could make deadly alliances with al-Qaeda and its imitators. The biggest target in their sights was Iraq. Saddam Hussein had been a thorn in America's side ever since he sent his army into Kuwait in 1990. Without any evidence, the Americans tried to manufacture a link between Saddam and al-Qaeda when none existed. In reality the Iraqi leader, a secular dictator, saw religious extremists as a threat.

The president's father, George HW Bush, decided not to remove Saddam from power in Baghdad after the Iraqi occupiers were driven out of Kuwait by an international coalition assembled by the US in 1991. The first President Bush and his advisors saw trouble ahead if they continued to Baghdad. A long, belligerent occupation of Iraq looked like a morass and they had no UN authorisation to topple the regime.

I was in Baghdad when the ceasefire was declared. Regime officials I knew could not believe that Saddam's dictatorship had survived.

Twelve years later, by 2003, America's rage and arrogance of power blinded the second President Bush to the realities that had constrained his father. When the US and UK could not persuade the UN Security Council to pass a resolution explicitly authorising invasion and regime change, Messrs Bush and Blair claimed earlier resolutions gave them the authority they needed.

Among many who did not buy their argument was the UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan. In a BBC interview 18 months after the invasion, he said it was "not in conformity" with the UN Charter - in other words, illegal. France and other Nato allies refused to join the invasion. Tony Blair ignored huge protests in the UK. His decision to go to war dogged the rest of his political career.

No president or prime minister faces a bigger decision than going to war. George Bush and Tony Blair embarked on a war of choice that killed hundreds of thousands of people. The justifications for the invasion were soon shown to be untrue. The weapons of mass destruction that Tony Blair insisted, eloquently, made Saddam a clear and present danger, turned out not to exist. It was a failure not just of intelligence but of leadership.

US Marines from the 1st Marine Division get set to deploy close to Baghdad in April 2003

The Americans called the huge air raids that started their offensive "shock and awe". Neo-conservatives around George W Bush deluded themselves that democracy, and regional stability, could be imposed through the barrel of a gun. Overwhelming US force would not just safeguard America, it would stabilise the Middle East too, and democracy would spread through Syria, Iran and beyond, like a good virus.

US troops topple a statue of Saddam Hussein in Baghdad

Saddam was removed within weeks. Iraqis were in no mood to be grateful. In Saddam's last decade as leader, the vast majority of them had been impoverished by sanctions authorised by the UN, but driven hardest by the US and UK. The Americans, the British and their allies were unable to bring peace to the streets. Nightmarish years started with wholesale looting, revenge attacks and crime.

Iraqi Sunni Muslim insurgents in front of a burning US convoy on the outskirts of Fallujah in 2004

An insurgency against the occupation turned into a sectarian civil war. Iraqis turned against each other as the Americans imposed a system of government that split power along ethnic and sectarian lines - between the country's three main groups, Shia Muslims, Kurds and Sunni Muslims. Armed militias fought each other, the occupiers, and killed each other's civilians.

Jihadist groups moved in to exploit the chaos and kill foreigners. Before the Americans managed to kill him, a brutal Sunni extremist from Jordan, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, targeted attacks to turn the insurgency against the occupation into a sectarian civil war. Shia death squads retaliated with their own reign of terror.

No-one knows exactly how many Iraqis have died as a result of the 2003 invasion. Estimates are all in the hundreds of thousands. The tide of violent sectarianism continues to rumble around the Middle East.

The geopolitical legacy of the invasion is still shaping events. Unwittingly, the Americans turned the balance of power in Iraq in Iran's favour by overthrowing Saddam Hussein, who was considered a Sunni bulwark against the Islamic Republic. Removing him empowered Shia politicians who were close to Tehran. Militias armed and trained by Iran are among the most powerful forces in Iraq and have representatives in government.

The US and UK's fear of causing another disaster hamstrung their response to the Arab uprisings of 2011, and especially the war against his own people launched by President Bashar al-Assad in Syria.

Disorder in Iraq, where the population is growing fast, fuels the trade in people-smuggling to Europe. According to the British Home Office, Iraqis are the fourth largest national group crossing the English Channel in small boats. The UK Refugee Council says the vast majority whose cases have been processed are granted asylum as refugees.

American and British leaders do not dwell on the invasion these days, but others have not forgotten. One reason why much of the global south stayed neutral after Russia invaded Ukraine, ignoring appeals to uphold international law, was the memory of how the US, the UK and Western allies who joined the coalition ignored it as they steamrollered opposition to their invasion of Iraq.

It is a sign of how bad the past 20 years have been that Saddam nostalgia is well established in Iraq, not just among his own Sunni community. People complain that at least you knew where you were with the old dictator. He was an equal opportunities killer of anyone he saw as an enemy, including his own son-in-law.

In a queue for diesel in a camp near Mosul, a 48-year-old Sunni named Mohammed, raged against the Shia-led government in Baghdad and against the years of sectarian killing that followed the invasion.

"We wish that Saddam's rule could come back, even for one day. Saddam was a dictator, and it was one man's rule - correct. But he was not killing the people based on whether they were Shia, Sunni, Kurdish, or Yazidi."

Iraq has signs of hope. Parts of towns and villages are still in ruins, but they feel safer, even though Iraqis still face threats that would be considered a national crisis in the West. Well-trained anti-terrorist units are containing IS jihadist cells, who still manage to carry out bombings and ambushes. Even so, shopkeepers are hoping for a bumper Ramadan, their busiest time of the year.

Longer term, the biggest legacy of the invasion for Iraq might be the political system that the Americans instigated, which divides power along ethnic and sectarian lines. As developed by Iraqi politicians, it has offered prodigious chances for corruption.

Estimates of the amount stolen since 2003 range from $150bn (£124bn) to $320bn (£264bn). Most Iraqis, of all sects, who have not benefited from the bonanza of theft, face constant power cuts, bad water, and inadequate medical care, in hospitals that were once considered to be as good as ones in Europe. Walk down most streets and you will see children working or begging, instead of going to school. Iraq used to have one of the best educational systems in the Middle East.

Iraq's latest prime minister, Mohammed Shia al-Sudani, has promised a new start. His biggest challenge is keeping his promise to tackle corruption, the cancer that is eating the country from within. He even did a broadcast surrounded by piles of confiscated banknotes that were being returned to Iraq's treasury.

But the people that matter most are the innocent victims. Not just the dead, but millions of Iraqis, and others in the Middle East whose lives were made much worse because of the invasion and its consequences.

At the mass grave near Sinjar, Yazidi activists appealed for international protection. Survivors said that the IS jihadists who carried out the genocidal massacres in 2014 had Iraqi accents, some from Tel Afar, a nearby town.

Farhad Barakat, a 25-year-old Yazidi activist who survived because he managed to escape to Mount Sinjar, said they were still scared of their neighbours. The killers, he said, were from their "surrounding clans or tribes, Arab clans. So how it that possible? The ones who killed us, raped the Yazidi women, they were Iraqis."

The BBC's security correspondent Gordon Corera seeks to find new answers to why the Iraq war happened, what it meant, and its legacy today.

Listen at 13:45 BST each weekday or stream or download all 10 episodes on BBC Sounds

Since getting Covid three years ago Iva Safrova spends much of her time at home, often in bed

Iva Safrova's existence is unrecognisable from the full and active life she led three years ago.

Back in March 2020 she got Covid-19 when she was a health care worker on a renal ward at Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales - and she never recovered.

"My life is ruined," said the 59-year old from Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan.

"No job, no social life. Cycling, travelling, walking - everything is gone."

With the Covid Inquiry under way with the aim of learning lessons from the past, it would be easy to assume the pandemic was behind us.

But with an estimated 2% of the population in Wales reporting they still have Covid symptoms a year after diagnosis, Covid-19 is far from over for many.

Iva became unwell right at the start of the pandemic.

"I think I caught Covid from the first patient on our ward," she said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Gareth Evans says he would like to see dedicated health facilities for people with long Covid in Wales

She went to bed with a temperature, exhaustion and a cough, assuming she would feel better within a couple of weeks at most.

But weeks turned into months, with simple tasks leaving her feeling like a "walking zombie".

"I was crying a lot and I didn't know what to do. The doctor told me to be patient," said Iva, who moved to the UK from the Czech Republic 14 years ago.

"You feel alone, you feel very alone, [with] nobody [to] help you."

She was prescribed antibiotics which did not help.

Eventually with no progress in her recovery, numerous tests all coming back clear and barely able to leave the house she was dismissed from her job because of long-term ill health.

At rock bottom she came across Long Covid Support - back then it was a Facebook group, today it is a registered charity.

"The Facebook group helped me because I was thinking I was crazy," said Iva.

Iva likes to visit family in the Czech Republic but now has to use a wheelchair at the airport

"With the illness I'm crying every day and [a girl in the group] said 'I have the same'."

Three years on she still spends much of her time in bed.

"You feel tired, tired, tired from in the morning... because I do little, sit down, do little, lie down," she said.

In a bid to get well, Iva has taken things in to her own hands and lost weight, drastically changed her diet and spent hundreds of pounds on supplements and alternative medicine - but nothing seems to work.

She said being prescribed antidepressants "saved her life" and she is due to start HRT (hormone replacement therapy).

Iva loves to swim but now finds it exhausting

Looking back over the past three years, one of the biggest frustrations has been barely being able to see doctors face-to-face.

As time moves on she said she and others like her are being forgotten.

"I think people don't know long Covid exists - it's an invisible illness," she said.

"Covid is gone [from the news] and millions of people have long Covid."

Gareth Evans has struggled to regain his fitness after getting Covid more than three years ago

Gareth Evans, 45, from Cwmbran, Torfaen, said he felt lucky compared with others with long Covid as he has been able to return to work and regain some of his previous fitness.

In April 2020 he became unwell with ear pain, fever and fatigue. With no testing available and the absence of a cough he was told he did not have Covid.

He went to bed to rest but as time went on instead of getting better he found he was developing new symptoms.

He was admitted to hospital under observation and in June 2020 was told he was suffering from anxiety and depression.

Brain fog meant Gareth had to list all his symptoms before speaking to his doctor

During this time he too came across the Facebook group Long Covid Support .

"It was a great source of comfort to me in terms of sharing experiences with other people or getting that validation that I was actually sick," he said.

"I've seen messages from people where as a result [of long Covid] they've lost their partners or their homes, they're trying to claim disability but because they can't prove that they're ill they have real difficulty trying to get that help."

He said for him one of the most challenging symptoms was insomnia.

Gareth at the top of Pen y Fan before getting Covid

"I was lying in the bed for hours on end. It was difficult because it was a condition no-one knew anything about, I wasn't sure if I was ever going to recover or if I was going to live or die.

"The mental toll it took on me was enormous," he said.

Before getting sick Gareth had been training for a triathlon and was at the peak of his fitness - but he found himself signed off work and barely able to leave the house.

With so many symptoms Gareth was referred to countless specialists.

"Looking back, I've gone back and counted the number of appointments that I've had - at the moment I've had 127 appointments and that's outside of the stays I've had in hospital," he said.

"In my view isn't an effective use of resources."

He wants to see big changes in the way Wales treats people with long Covid.

"I think we'd be better served with a specialist clinic here in Wales, similar to what they have in England," he said.

He wants somewhere where patients can "access all the various tests to rule out certain life-threatening conditions and give you that peace of mind".

Gareth is speaking out to raise awareness of long Covid

He also wants to see patients involved in the conversation about how best to treat those with the condition.

The Welsh government said it has increased funding for long Covid patients and supporting them remained a priority.

Although there are no long Covid clinics in Wales, it said rehabilitation services could be accessed through GPs

Since Gareth first got Covid the UK has seen three prime ministers and, until the Covid inquiry, the cost-of-living crisis and war in Ukraine has knocked Covid from the headlines.

"Covid was everywhere in the news when you turned on the TV but nowadays you just don't hear about it," said Gareth.

"For some people we are still in the middle of the pandemic because we are suffering, we still haven't got back to our old lives."

"I think people don't know long Covid exists - it's an invisible illness," she said.

"I'm very worried, if I stay like that all my life will be hell, it's horrible, horrible."

The second instalment of the Eurovision Song Contest semi-finals didn't fail to provide a variety of memorable performances.

Here's a selection from the show in Liverpool.

Available to UK viewers only

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. How the Royal children enjoyed the Coronation

The prospect of a two-hour church service, full of ceremony and importance, is a daunting prospect for most, let alone if you've just turned five.

But luckily for Prince Louis, the youngest royal at the Coronation had his sister Princess Charlotte to hold his hand, physically and metaphorically.

Their older brother Prince George had a formal part to play as one of their grandfather King Charles' pages of honour.

But Louis and Charlotte ended up taking a starring role too thanks to their antics during the day.

They arrived with their parents the Prince and Princess of Wales, with Charlotte in a matching Alexander McQueen outfit to her mother, down to a miniature version of Catherine's silver leaf headdress.

Louis, meanwhile, wore a dark blue tunic by Savile Row tailors Dege and Skinner.

Perhaps offering reassurance, or making sure he went the right way, eight-year-old Charlotte held Louis' hand as they processed through the abbey behind their parents.

Once the Coronation proper started, they took their front row seats alongside their parents. The solemn, religious ceremony elicited a yawn or two from the young prince - and he could also at times be seen pointing things out to Charlotte from their seats near the high altar.

His age is no doubt why a break was arranged, with viewers noticing Louis had disappeared from his seat, returning in time to sing God Save the King.

He had not attended the last major royal event, the funeral of his great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II in September, when he was just four, as he was felt to be too young.

The siblings followed along with the order of service during the Coronation

But that wasn't enough to stop Louis from yawning during the two-hour event

After the King was crowned and the formal part of the day was over, the Wales family met up with Prince George as he completed his duties.

They took their places in the royal procession to Buckingham Palace, in the first carriage behind the Gold State Coach.

Louis pressed his face close to the glass on one side of the bench, sat opposite his parents, as he waved at the waiting crowds.

Louis gave the crowds a smile and a wave as they made their way to Buckingham Palace

Louis made headlines himself at last summer's Jubilee celebrations when he was seen pulling faces on the Buckingham Palace balcony and appearing to scream when the flypast went overhead.

Anyone hoping for similar scenes after the Coronation would not have been disappointed.

He drummed his fingers on the balcony railing at one point, and showed his own version of the royal wave.

The two-handed wave, not dissimilar to the motion of windscreen wipers, was perhaps apt for a rainy day.

The children were seen pointing at the sky during the flypast before returning inside the palace after their long day.

Animal Rising said the women took the lambs from Appleton Farm on the Sandringham Estate

Lambs stolen from a field on the King's Sandringham Estate are still missing following the release on police bail of three women suspected of stealing them.

Activists Animal Rising said it took three lambs from a field at West Newton in Norfolk on Wednesday, because the animals were due to be slaughtered.

Three women aged in their 20s and 30s were arrested in Slough, Berkshire, on suspicion of theft.

Norfolk Police said the women had been told to answer police bail in July.

Animal Rising said the women handed themselves into police in Berkshire at 08:00 on Thursday, with banners saying: "I rescued the King's sheep" and "This is how we love animals".

It added the lambs were were "safe" and now with animal experts.

Norfolk Police said anyone with information on the missing lambs should contact them.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or get in touch via WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The Nikolay Zubov LNG tanker, docking in the UK in 2021

Shell is still trading Russian gas more than a year after pledging to withdraw from the Russian energy market.

The company was involved in nearly an eighth of Russia's shipborne gas exports in 2022, according to analysis from campaign group Global Witness.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, accused Shell of accepting "blood money".

Shell said the trades were the result of "long-term contractual commitments" and do not violate laws or sanctions.

As recently as 9 May, a vast tanker capable of carrying more than 160,000 cubic metres of gas compressed into liquid form - liquefied natural gas or LNG - pulled out of the port of Sabetta, on the Yamal peninsula in Russia's far north.

That cargo was purchased by Shell before heading onwards to its ultimate destination, Hong Kong.

It is one of eight LNG cargoes that Shell has bought from Yamal this year, according to data from the Kpler database analysed by Global Witness.

Last year Shell accounted for 12% of Russia's seaborne LNG trade, Global Witness calculates, and was among the top five traders of Russian-originated LNG that year.

In March 2022, in the weeks following the invasion of Ukraine, Shell apologised for buying a cargo of Russian oil, and said it intended to withdraw from Russian oil and gas.

It said that it would stop buying Russian oil, sell its service stations and other businesses in Russia, which it has done. It has also ended its joint ventures with the state energy giant Gazprom.

And it said it would start a "phased withdrawal from Russian petroleum products, pipeline gas and LNG". But it warned that it would be a "complex challenge".

Shell said last year it would close all its service stations in Russia

Since then, it has kept taking cargoes of LNG from two Russian ports, the one at Yamal and one at Sakhalin in the far east.

Shell used to be a minority investor in the Sakhalin gas project, but abandoned that claim in September last year after the Russian government transferred its shares to a local business - and since then has taken no gas from Sakhalin.

But it still honours the contract with the Russian LNG company Novatek, which obliges it to buy 900,000 tonnes a year from Yamal until the 2030s, according to the Reuters news agency.

Novatek is Russia's second biggest gas company, and the taxes it pays are a significant contributor to the Russian government's budget.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to the Ukrainian president, said: "It is quite simple: by continuing to trade in Russian gas Shell is putting money into Putin's pockets and helping to fund Russia's brutal aggression against the people of Ukraine.

"The vast sums that Shell and the whole oil industry have made in Russia should be used to help fund the reconstruction of Ukraine, rather than lining the pockets of their shareholders."

A spokesman for Shell said: "Shell has stopped buying Russian LNG on the spot market, but still has some long-term contractual commitments. This is in full compliance with sanctions, applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate.

"There is a dilemma between putting pressure on the Russian government over its atrocities in Ukraine and ensuring stable, secure energy supplies. It is for governments to decide on the incredibly difficult trade-offs that must be made."

Shell is the world's largest trader of LNG, which is not subject to European sanctions, making billions of dollars in profits trading oil and gas last year.

Russia massively reduced its deliveries of gas by pipeline last year, but it has increased the amount of gas it supplies by ship, including to Europe.

The UK has not imported any Russian gas for over a year, while EU politicians are trying to reduce the amount of Russian LNG the bloc imports. In March, the EU's Energy Commissioner Kadri Simson called on countries and firms to stop buying Russian gas, and not to sign new contracts.

"It's long overdue that the trading of Russian LNG is looked at with the same disgust as Russian oil trading. Targeting Putin's energy income cannot be about symbolic measures but must concretely put a stop to the huge fossil fuel sums that cement his power," said Jonathan Noronha-Gant, senior campaigner at Global Witness.

The France-based energy company TotalEnergies is a minority shareholder in the Yamal project, and was also a major trader in Russian LNG, the Global Witness analysis reported.

The BBC has approached TotalEnergies for comment.

After a day in which the BBC produced a fuller timeline of its actions through this story, where are we now?

For the BBC, key questions remain, primarily around what it did having received the complaint in May.

It's difficult to assess the actions of the Corporate Investigations Team without knowing exactly the detail of the complaint. We still don't have that.

But on the face of it, one email attempt that the complainant didn't respond to and one phone call that didn't connect don't, on the surface of it, look like huge efforts were made to check out the allegations.

That might have been understandable if the complaint had been about a presenter getting a fact wrong in a broadcast.

But we know that it was deemed serious by the BBC, though not involving criminality. A serious complaint about a high-profile presenter, reportedly involving huge sums of money to a younger person, surely warranted more dedicated investigation.

BBC director general Tim Davie may be all too aware of this, which is why he talked earlier about an internal review to assess whether the processes are up to scratch and whether red flags are raised quickly enough.

The BBC has now faced the media about this story. It had little choice as the briefing to launch the annual report was already in journalists' diaries.

But Mr Davie also appeared on the World at One on Radio 4 for a lengthy interview. His comment that this wasn't a "good situation" was an understatement.

But he also gave a clear explanation of what the BBC has been managing - balancing its duties as an employer of a presenter who must be treated fairly with its role as a public service broadcaster which aims for transparency.

Of course, cynics might say that Mr Davie must have breathed a sigh of relief when the Metropolitan Police asked the BBC to pause its investigation. At one point in the interview, the director general said he couldn't comment for that reason.

It's the equivalent of kicking this into the, if not long, then certainly slightly taller than cropped, grass. A bit of a breathing space for the BBC to take stock.

But the pressure on Mr Davie and the corporation is intense, with media crews training their cameras on New Broadcasting House in central London for days now.

This story has become a series of claims and counterclaims. The Sun and the family stand by their account. The Sun told us it feels as if the family is "being attacked by the BBC for not fully understanding their complaints system".

It says that after the original complaint in May, a payment of £1,000 was made in June to the young person by the presenter. A sign of "no action" from the BBC.

It does feel uncomfortable that the presenter was not spoken to by bosses for almost seven weeks. That the complaint was not escalated until the Sun approached the BBC before publishing its story.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Tim Davie, the BBC's director general, faced questions on Tuesday about the corporation's presenter row

But the Sun also has questions to answer, particularly after the legal letter sent to the BBC on behalf of the young person on Monday.

Did they approach the young person for comment as they prepared to report their story - as the lawyer claims they didn't. What evidence do they have to back up their allegations that have dominated the front pages? Why have they not named the presenter?

It's unclear how this story ends. The BBC has now reported allegations from a second person. The Sun has a new front page about the presenter allegedly breaking lockdown rules to meet a young stranger from a dating site.

Will there be more to come - or just more claim and counter-claim?

The Princess of Wales answered questions posed to her by students

The Princess of Wales has told students that becoming a member of the Royal Family was something she never expected - but she "fell in love".

The pupils quizzed Catherine about being a royal at a charity event in Bath, and the princess said it was something "she had to learn".

Catherine was meeting St Katherine's School students supported by the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust.

Earlier, she took on Dame Kelly at a game of bean-bag noughts and crosses.

Competing alongside the Bristol students, the princess was beaten twice.

After the first victory, the track and field star held her arms aloft and admitted she was "slightly competitive".

Catherine lost out to Dame Kelly's team twice

The princess joked back: "You would never have guessed."

When the princess later sat down in the Percy Community Centre for a chat with the students, she opened up the floor to questions about herself.

Dame Kelly said: "She humanised everything to say not everyone's perfect. Doesn't matter what you've got, or what you're perceived to have, as an individual you're still going to have those insecurities."

The Olympian founded her national youth development organisation on the belief that every young person needs a champion.

It pairs world-class athletes with youngsters who may lack confidence or have other issues, so the sportsmen or women can help the students develop their skills and confidence.

Dame Kelly founded her organisation on the belief that every young person needs a champion

Dame Kelly said: "I wanted to work with young people, I wanted to make a difference and still believe that one person can make a difference.

"And I just realised that athletes have ability to draw out those real-life lessons you get in sport.

"It isn't about sport and being an Olympic champion, but it is about what sport can bring to you."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The Princess of Wales appeared in a surprise Eurovision cameo a few days earlier

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

Quavo and Offset performed Migos' 2017 US number one hit Bad and Boujee

US rappers Offset and Quavo reunited at Sunday's BET Awards for a surprise tribute to their late bandmate Takeoff.

The two remaining members of Migos performed the group's hit Bad and Boujee in an unannounced appearance.

It was the pair's first performance together since Takeoff was shot dead last November at the age of 28.

Also at Sunday's BET ceremony in Los Angeles, Beyoncé and SZA were joint winners of the award for best album and picked up two more prizes each.

A giant photo of Takeoff was shown on a screen during the performance

In their tribute, Offest shouted "Doing this for Take!" while pointing at a screen showing a picture of a rocket, which morphed into a large image of their late bandmate.

Offset's wife Cardi B tweeted after the performance: "I can't take it right now... proud of the boys."

The set was the highlight for Migos fans, with one commenting on Twitter: "The hip-hop community needed to see this reconciliation."

In the award categories, SZA's hit SOS tied with Beyoncé's Renaissance for album of the year.

SZA beat Beyoncé to win best female R&B/pop artist for the first time, and won video of the year for Kill Bill.

Beyoncé's Break My Soul took the viewer's choice award, but the star wasn't there to accept it because she is in the middle of her Renaissance tour.

Latto won the BET Award for best female hip-hop artist

Only six awards were presented during the televised ceremony, with performances stretching the event to nearly four hours. Only two winners - Latto and Coco Jones - were there to accept their awards in person.

Patti LaBelle performed a tribute to Tina Turner, but had an issue with the teleprompter so the the crowd had to help her out by singing along. She struggled to keep up with the lyrics during The Best, calling out to the crowd: "I can't see the words and I don't know - I'm tryin', y'all!"

She persevered in honour of the late Queen of Rock 'n' Roll, who died last month at the age of 83. "God bless you, Tina Turner!" LaBelle exclaimed.

This year's BET Awards paid tribute to the 50th anniversary of hip-hop, and awarded rapper Busta Rhymes a lifetime achievement award for the third year in a row. During an emotional speech, Rhymes said: "I'm [going to] wear it on my sleeve. I do want to cry."

The Black Entertainment Awards celebrate excellence in music, film and sport.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Harry and Meghan arrive at event before alleged car chase

A photo agency that took pictures of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex during what the couple said was a dangerous car chase has refused to hand over the images to them.

Backgrid told BBC News it had rejected a legal demand to share the material taken in New York on Tuesday night.

In a tongue-in-cheek response, the agency's lawyers said Americans had long ago rejected "royal prerogative".

The BBC has asked the couple for comment.

Conflicting accounts of what Harry and Meghan's spokesperson described as a "near catastrophic car chase" resulting in "multiple near collisions" have emerged since the incident was made public on Wednesday.

New York police said "numerous photographers" had made the couple's journey from an awards ceremony on Tuesday evening "challenging", but added there had been "no reported collisions, summonses, injuries, or arrests".

A taxi driver who briefly drove them suggested their spokesperson's account was "exaggerated", while some photographers involved have denied parts of it.

Backgrid, a California-based entertainment picture agency, said on Thursday it had received a letter from the Sussexes' legal team.

It said the letter, which the BBC has not seen, stated: "We hereby demand that Backgrid immediately provide us with copies of all photos, videos, and/or films taken last night by the freelance photographers after the couple left their event and over the next several hours."

Harry and Meghan attended an awards ceremony on Tuesday

The agency said it had replied in a letter: "In America, as I'm sure you know, property belongs to the owner of it: Third parties cannot just demand it be given to them, as perhaps Kings can do.

"Perhaps you should sit down with your client and advise them that his English rules of royal prerogative to demand that the citizenry hand over their property to the Crown were rejected by this country long ago.

"We stand by our founding fathers."

In the UK there is no royal prerogative and there has long been tension between the Royal Family and the British media over privacy.

Backgrid said on Wednesday it was investigating the conduct of four freelance photographers involved in taking images of the Sussexes, even as the agency disputed the couple's characterisation of the incident.

The photographers felt the couple were never in "immediate danger at any point", according to the agency.

During the pursuit, the car carrying the duke and duchess, her mother and a security guard diverted to a nearby police station twice.

BBC News interviewed a taxi driver, Sukhcharn "Sonny" Singh, who was briefly involved in the pursuit. He said his cab was hailed from a police station.

They only drove a block when his taxi "got blocked by a garbage truck and all of sudden paparazzi came and started taking pictures".

Mr Singh was then asked to drive them back to the police station.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: BBC talks to taxi driver who drove Harry and Meghan

A spokesperson for the duke and duchess said the couple understood they are public figures but that interest "should never come at the cost of anyone's safety".

Prince Harry has spoken of his anger at the actions of the paparazzi over the years, comparing the photographers to "a pack of dogs" who hounded his mother, in a BBC documentary.

Diana, Princess of Wales, died from injuries she sustained in a car crash after photographers chased the vehicle she was in through the streets of Paris.

"To see another woman in my life, who I love, go through this feeding frenzy - that's hard," he said in the recent Netflix documentary, Harry & Meghan.

Former Ulster Unionist adviser David Kerr now runs a planning and communications company

The DUP leadership risks splitting the party if it continues to prevent the formation of a government in NI, according to the former UUP adviser of the late First Minister David Trimble.

David Kerr says he believes there are DUP assembly members anxious to return to power-sharing.

But he thinks they are facing opposition from senior figures within the party, including MPs.

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is currently involved in a boycott of the Stormont Assembly because of objections to post-Brexit trade rules agreed between the EU and UK.

Mr Kerr also told BBC News NI that he sees parallels between the divisions that emerged within the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) after the signing of the Good Friday Agreement and what is currently happening within the DUP.

"I think the DUP Westminster team are clearly quite comfortable keeping Stormont down," he added.

"That was the very same position David Trimble faced in many respects 25 years ago.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Unionism in Northern Ireland: 'We're being pushed to one side'

"What you find is that people on the ground in Stormont and MLAs have a different view, I suspect.

"They obviously feel that there is a need to make Stormont work to prove to the vast majority of people here that Northern Ireland works."

The current leader of the DUP, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, and his predecessor Baroness Arlene Foster, both left the UUP in the years following the 1998 deal because of disagreements with the direction of the party.

Stuart Brooker, who is a County Fermanagh Orangeman, says he believes the deal "erodes his Britishness"

The DUP has been critical of many parts of the Windsor Framework but set up an advisory panel to consider the deal between the EU and UK. Its report has now been passed to the party leadership for consideration.

The framework was designed to address concerns about trading arrangements. However, many unionists object to the need for Northern Ireland to still follow some EU rules and regulations.

Stuart Brooker, who is a County Fermanagh Orangeman, says he believes the deal "erodes [his] Britishness".

"We can go right back to the 1985 Anglo-Irish Agreement and from all those years ago we can see things being chipped away, a little bit at a time, a little bit at a time," he said.

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said his party would consider the findings of a panel which examined the deal

"It's a great concern for me personally… and it's a great concern for unionists generally."

However, many business groups support the Windsor Framework and argue that the new agreement will reduce checks for goods coming from Great Britain and staying within Northern Ireland.

Davy Wilson, who runs logistics company Freight Partnership, describes himself as a "liberal unionist".

He believes any problems with the deal can be addressed and that more harm is being done to Northern Ireland's economy by a lack of government.

Davy Wilson, who runs logistics company Freight Partnership, describes himself as a "liberal unionist"

"If our MLAs would get back into Stormont, get their heads together and get working again that would be a starting point," he told BBC Newsline.

"But while they are stuck on the outside we're getting nothing done.

"We want to see prosperity in Northern Ireland.

"That's what will keep this place settled and we'll be able to move on."

The DUP panel which has been gathering views on the Windsor Framework had originally been expected to report back to the party's leadership by the end of March.

After receiving its report on Friday, Sir Jeffrey said he would "now take time to discuss [it] with my party officer team".

"I will be very interested to see if [the panel] have a view on whether they go into Stormont or whether they stay out of it," Mr Kerr said.

"It might not happen before the council elections in May.

"But when you get to September, October or November if Stormont is not back there are going to be a lot of people in that assembly group saying, where do we go from here?"

This article is the first in a series this week which will examine the future direction of unionism and politics in Northern Ireland. You can also see the reports on BBC Newsline at 18:30 BST.

Mary Portas said John Lewis and its supermarket chain, Waitrose, were part of the "fabric of everyday British life"

Retail consultant Mary Portas has written an open letter to John Lewis warning that the department store had "let go" of its soul.

The brand expert described the UK retail giant as part of "our collective cultural identity".

Her comments come after John Lewis revealed it was considering a change to its employee-owned business structure, so altering decades of tradition.

Chair Sharon White said she wanted the brand to thrive for generations.

Ms Portas' intervention is via an open letter on the networking website Linkedin, addressed to Ms White and John Lewis' new chief executive Nish Kankiwala.

"You are custodians of one of the most valued, loved, and trusted retail brands this country has," the retail consultant wrote.

She said John Lewis and its supermarket chain, Waitrose, were part of the "fabric of everyday British life".

Earlier this month the department store signalled job cuts were in the pipeline after it cancelled its staff bonus and reported pre-tax losses of £234m in what it said was a "very tough year".

If the group pursues the idea of selling a minority stake in the business, it will end it being exclusively owned by its employees.

But Ms Portas said: "Your task isn't to turn around just another mediocre retailer under threat of going under. You're fighting to save part of our collective cultural identity.

"But what's worrying me is that you might think your fight is purely financial. It's not."

Describing the battle as more nuanced, Ms Portas said what laid ahead was about "the soul of your brand."

"Somehow, in recent years, you've let go of the soul."

Mary Portas said British brand history was littered with firms who tampered with the crown jewels of their identity

Her letter said: "What we want is to come to you when we're expecting our first baby and panicking about buying a cot... when we've finally made it onto the property ladder and want curtains and a sofa bed that'll last".

But she warned that was "being slowly chipped away. From loud headlines to daily whispers".

Ms Portas said she appreciated the partnership needed "money men" but added: "Never forget to balance all that with the commercially instinctive, reactive, creative, retail-born folk in the business.

"It's an art. Not a science."

She urged the group to recommit to the principles it was founded on - common ownership.

"We know British brand history is littered with those who tampered with the crown jewels of their identity.

"But failure for John Lewis and Waitrose is not an option. We can't lose you too."

John Lewis chair Sharon White said "we've always been open to new partnerships"

In response, John Lewis chair Sharon White said it was the "biggest privilege of my life to be custodian of the Partnership".

"I am here to ensure that it not only survives, but thrives for generations."

Ms White said 100 million customers visited its department stores last year, a third up on the previous year and half a billion customers visited the App and website.

"We want our brands to continue to grow," she said. "We've always been open to new partnerships with investors or likeminded companies to share in our growth.

"I will not rest until the partnership is restored to full health," she added.

A man grieves in the village Dubona after the attack

A man has been arrested after eight died and 14 were injured in Serbia's second mass shooting in a week.

The attack occurred shortly after midnight near a village some 60km (37 miles) south of Belgrade when the shooter opened fire from a moving car.

He was arrested in the early hours of Friday morning after "an extensive search", the interior ministry said.

It comes after a boy killed nine people at a Belgrade school on Wednesday, Serbia's worst shooting in years.

President Aleksander Vucic pledged the "practical disarmament" of the country, as he announced a list of new security measures intended to improve gun control on Friday morning.

The suspect - who has only been identified by his initials UB - was detained near the city of Kragujevac, the interior ministry said.

The arrest followed an extensive manhunt, which local media reported involved over 600 police officers. He was eventually found hiding at his grandfather's house, Serbian broadcaster RTS reported.

Early on Friday morning, Serbian media said that special police forces had arrived at the villages of Mladenovac and Dubona, where the latest shooting occurred.

Photos from the scene showed police officers stopping cars at checkpoints as they tried to find the gunman. A helicopter, drones and multiple police patrols were also used.

Reports on local media say the suspect - who the interior ministry said was born in 2002 - started firing at people with an automatic weapon after having an argument with a police officer in a park in Dubona on Thursday evening.

Milan Prokić, a Dubona resident, told Radio Belgrade 1 he heard shots near his house: "It's sad, regrettable, we locked ourselves in our home so [the shots] wouldn't come to us."

The man is then said to have proceeded to shoot people from a car, killing at least eight people and wounding many more.

All injured people admitted to hospital were born after the year 2000, RTS reported.

Two people aged 21 and 23 were operated on, but remain in critical condition.

Speaking at a news conference after the attack on Friday, Serbia's president said the suspect had been wearing a T-shirt with neo-Nazi symbols, but no further details were given.

President Vucic called the shooting "an attack on us all" and announced a host of new security measures, including a plan to hire 1,200 new police officers.

He also announced a ban on new gun permits, tougher penalties for illegal weapons possession and psychological checks of gun owners. He said the new laws would result in the "practical disarmament" of Serbia.

On Wednesday, a thirteen-year-old boy shot dead eight fellow pupils at his school in Belgrade, as well as a security guard. It prompted the Serbian government to propose tighter restrictions of gun ownership.

NBA basketball player Luka Doncic said he would pay for the funerals of all nine people killed in Wednesday's shooting, and for grief counselling for classmates and staff.

Mass shootings are extremely rare in Serbia, which has very strict gun laws, but gun ownership in the country is among the highest in Europe.

The western Balkans are awash with illegal weapons following wars and unrest in the 1990s. In 2019, it was estimated that there are 39.1 firearms per 100 people in Serbia - the third highest in the world, behind the US and Montenegro.

If you have been affected by the latest shooting in Serbia, you can contact the BBC in confidence by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Botswana, and other southern African countries, have too many elephants

The president of Botswana has threatened to send 20,000 elephants to Germany in a dispute over conservation.

Earlier this year, Germany's environment ministry suggested there should be stricter limits on importing trophies from hunting animals.

Botswana's President Mokgweetsi Masisi told German media this would only impoverish people in his country.

He said elephant numbers had exploded as a result of conservation efforts, and hunting helped keep them in check.

Germans should "live together with the animals, in the way you are trying to tell us to", Mr Masisi told German newspaper Bild. "This is no joke."

Botswana is home to about a third of the world's elephant population - over 130,000 - more than it has space for.

Herds were causing damage to property, eating crops and trampling residents, Mr Masisi said.

Botswana has previously given 8,000 elephants to neighbouring Angola, and has offered hundreds more to Mozambique, as a means of bringing the population down.

"We would like to offer such a gift to Germany," Mr Masisi said, adding that he would not take no for an answer.

Botswana's Wildlife Minister Dumezweni Mthimkhulu last month threatened to send 10,000 elephants to London's Hyde Park so British people could "have a taste of living alongside" them.

In March, UK MPs voted to support a ban on importing hunting trophies, but the legislation has further scrutiny to pass before becoming law.

A pledge to ban the import of hunting trophies was included in the Conservatives' 2019 general election manifesto.

Botswana and other southern African countries make a lot of money from rich Westerners who pay thousands of dollars for a permit to shoot an animal and then take its head or skin back home as a trophy.

They say this money is used to help conservation efforts, and local people, so they are less likely to be tempted to poach the animals.

Animal rights groups argue that the practice is cruel and should be banned.

"In some areas, there are more of these beasts than people. They are killing children who get in their path. They trample and eat farmers' crops leaving Africans hungry," said Botswana's wildlife minister.

Germany is the EU's largest importer of African elephant trophies, and hunting trophies overall, according to a 2021 report by the Humane Society International.

Botswana banned the practice in 2014, but lifted the restrictions in 2019 after facing pressure from local communities.

The country now issues annual hunting quotas, saying that it is licensed and strictly controlled.

It has previously considered using elephants for pet food.

A spokeswoman for the environment ministry in Berlin told the AFP news agency that Botswana had not raised any concerns with Germany on the matter.

"In light of the alarming loss of biological diversity, we have a special responsibility to do everything to ensure the import of hunting trophies is sustainable and legal," she said.

The ministry, however, remained in talks with African countries affected by import rules, including Botswana, the spokeswoman said.

Australia, France and Belgium are among countries that have banned the trade in hunting trophies.

Botswana, along with its neighbours Zimbabwe and Namibia, has also argued that it should be allowed to sell their stockpiles of ivory so it can earn money from its huge numbers of elephants.

Countries in East Africa, as well as animal rights groups, have opposed this saying it would encourage poaching.

A group of primary school children has suffered traumatic, "life-changing" injuries after a horrific bus crash in Melbourne, Australia.

The bus was carrying 45 students when police say it was hit by a truck from behind and rolled on Tuesday afternoon.

Some 18 children - aged 5 to 11 - were rushed to hospital, many for emergency surgery. One remains in intensive care.

The truck driver has been charged with dangerous driving causing serious injury.

Australia has a below-average road safety record compared to other advanced economies. It ranks 20th of out of 36 OECD countries for road fatalities.

Police said the bus had only just left Exford Primary School, on the western fringes of Melbourne, when the collision occurred.

Children were trapped inside the bus before bystanders - including the truck driver and many of their teachers, who had rushed to the scene - helped emergency responders to free them from the wreckage.

Surgeons worked into the early hours of the morning to treat those children seriously hurt. Their injuries included crushed limbs - forcing amputations - as well as head injuries, spinal injuries and serious cuts.

Seven children remain at the hospital in serious conditions, including one in intensive care, the Royal Children's Hospital said.

"It is just distressing, knowing what our kids have been through and I can just imagine their fear," principal Lisa Campo told media on Wednesday.

The 52-year-old bus driver was also taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.

Prime Minister Anthony Albanese was among those who thanked first responders and sent well-wishes to the families involved.

"Any accident is just horrific, the fact that it involves school students just breaks your heart," he said.

Superintendent Michael Cruse said the scene of the crash was extremely confronting for all who were there.

"Some of the injuries are life changing [and] this incident was avoidable," he said.

The 49-year-old truck driver - who suffered minor injuries - has since been charged with four counts of dangerous driving.

Investigations are ongoing, but Supt Cruse said "inattention" would be a key focus, and more charges are likely to be laid.

Jacqueline Gold famously brought the vibrator into the front rooms of middle England, helping to spark a social revolution for the prudish British.

But as the tributes that poured in after her death, at the age of 62, have highlighted, she also launched an overhaul in attitudes more broadly, inspiring a generation of women entrepreneurs and bringing sex onto the High Street.

Her insight was one shared by half of the population already - that women had sexual appetites too - and that that represented a huge untapped market. She arrived at Ann Summers, the family business, crashing through social taboos, and refashioned it after her own purpose.

"She absolutely paved the way for women to feel empowered in the bedroom and the boardroom and really brought female sexuality into the mainstream," says Lucy Litwack, chief executive of Coco de Mer, another British sex toy and lingerie retailer, that followed in Ann Summers' wake.

"[But] it was her vision and championing of women, that I found so inspiring, that I think will be her legacy," she says.

Jacqueline Gold often spoke about the initial scepticism she faced at Ann Summers, then a small chain oriented towards male customers. She suggested they reach out to women, inviting them to host Tupperware-style parties to sell lingerie and sex toys in their homes. The board took some convincing.

But she had other stories to tell too, that illustrated the hurdles she faced, as she took charge at the family firm.

Charlotte Hardie, Editor of Retail Week, where Jacqueline Gold was a guest contributor, recalls the controversial launch of an Ann Summers store in Dublin in 1999.

"It came up against a lot of criticism from religious groups," says Ms Hardie. "They did not want her to open this store and there was lots of bad PR."

There were petitions and protests. Jacqueline was even sent a bullet through the post.

But says Ms Hardie: "She hated the idea that she was going to be bullied into not opening a store, so she ploughed on regardless.

"She was hugely resilient, hugely determined, and she always did what she set out to do."

Another example: when the government said Ann Summers couldn't advertise for staff in Jobcentres, she took them to court and won.

But although she was determined, friends say she never tried to prove she was more ruthless than the men around her, or change her behaviour in an effort to fit their mould.

"She was always kind, welcoming, empathetic, she displayed all those leadership qualities that are so admired today," says Ms Hardie.

She even accepted in good humour the time at a Retail Week conference when she was waiting backstage to join a panel and a well-known chief executive from another firm assumed she was a member of staff.

"He said: 'Dear, would you mind just just getting me a glass of water?'," says Ms Hardie.

While Jacqueline was incensed at the time, she did fetch him a drink, and was able to laugh about it afterwards.

Jacqueline Gold also had huge hurdles to overcome in her private life, which she shared in her autobiography. She was sexually abused by her step-father and suffered from depression.

As an adult, she struggled to conceive, went through IVF treatment but lost her infant son Alfie at the age of eight months. Later the nanny to her daughter attempted to poison Jacqueline with screenwash.

Yet, despite these challenges, she always seemed to have a twinkle in her eye, according to her friend Jacqueline Hurst, a life coach.

"She just had this lust for life," says Ms Hurst.

She loved breaking taboos, especially the idea of the little woman at home, cooking, without much more to their lives, she recalls.

She was a "powerhouse of determination" when it came to supporting other women, says Ms Hurst, organising breakfasts and other get togethers so women could talk, taking part in groups that supported women in business. She launched her own scheme on social media to provide mentoring for women entrepreneurs.

And she was always perfectly turned out, dressed elegantly, in heels, says Ms Hurst, because underneath it all her philosophy was as much about enjoying life as making money.

"I think that's the biggest thing I'd take away from her, is to always remember to have fun," she says. That, and: "Don't let anyone tell you you can't".

Shema had been told her chances of conceiving naturally were slim

The chance of becoming pregnant naturally after having an IVF baby is quite high, about one in five, which is something couples should be aware of, researchers say.

It is news that could give some fresh hope around planning a family, they say, or important information about contraception.

They analysed data from more than 5,000 women to judge how common it was.

The findings are averages over three years.

The odds for individuals will differ.

According to the NHS, the chance of any couple conceiving naturally within the next year, if they have already been trying for a few years, is one in four, or less.

Infertility is usually diagnosed only after a couple have failed to conceive despite a year of trying.

But since female fertility declines with age, women aged over 35, and anyone already aware they may have fertility problems, should see their GP sooner, according to the advice.

Fertility problems can be permanent or come and go and can affect either partner. There are lots of treatable reasons, but for about one in four couples it may not be possible to find a cause.

Fertility treatments, such as in-vitro fertilisation (IVF), are not always free on the NHS.

One cycle of IVF treatment may cost up to £5,000 or more.

Shema Tariq, from London, was diagnosed with "low ovarian reserve", meaning she had fewer remaining eggs, and told her chances of conceiving without IVF were almost zero.

It took six rounds of IVF to conceive her son, who was born in 2018.

"My GP briefly mentioned contraception to me after he was born - but we both laughed and agreed that it wasn't relevant," Shema says.

"It never occurred to me that I might get pregnant, despite being a sexual-health doctor.

"I was 43 and had been told that my chances of conceiving naturally were less than 1%.

"Eight months later, I was unexpectedly, and naturally, pregnant with our daughter.

"She has been the most wonderful surprise - but when we first found out, I felt overwhelmed and unprepared for another pregnancy.

"If I'd known that one in five women conceives naturally after IVF, I'd have used contraception until I was ready both emotionally and physically."

Lead author of the new research, published in the journal Human Reproduction, Dr Annette Thwaites, from University College London, said: "Our findings suggest that natural pregnancy after having a baby by IVF is far from rare.

"This is in contrast with widely held views - by women and health professionals - and those commonly expressed in the media, that it is a highly unlikely event."

The 11 international studies her team looked at found at least one in five women conceived naturally after having had a baby using fertility treatment, mostly within three years. And this applied across the different types and outcomes of fertility treatment.

Clinical Embryologist Dr Marta Jansa Perez, from the British Fertility Society, said: "This study highlights the importance of giving patients accurate information about their chances of conception at any point, in particular after giving birth to an IVF baby.

"It is good news that such a high proportion of patients are able to conceive naturally after IVF, but people should be aware that in cases where the age of the woman is a factor for the initial failure to conceive or there is severe male factor infertility, it would be advisable to seek treatment for a second child sooner rather than later."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

One of the so-called "godfathers" of Artificial Intelligence (AI) has said he would have prioritised safety over usefulness had he realised the pace at which it would evolve.

Prof Yoshua Bengio told the BBC he felt "lost" over his life's work.

The computer scientist's comments come after experts in AI said it could lead to the extinction of humanity.

Prof Bengio, who has joined calls for AI regulation, said he did not think militaries should be granted AI powers.

He is the second of the so-called three "godfathers" of AI, known for their pioneering work in the field, to voice concerns about the direction and the speed at which it is developing.

AI describes the ability of computers to perform tasks so complex, they have previously required human intelligence to complete.

A recent example has been the development of AI-powered chatbots, like ChatGPT, which appear to give human-like responses to questions.

This has led to planned European Union legislation on AI. And on Wednesday, the bloc's technology chief, Margrethe Vestager, said a voluntary code of conduct for AI could be created "within the next weeks".

Some fear that advanced computational ability could be used for harmful purposes, such as the development of deadly new chemical weapons.

Prof Bengio told the BBC he was concerned about "bad actors" getting hold of AI, especially as it became more sophisticated and powerful.

"It might be military, it might be terrorists, it might be somebody very angry, psychotic. And so if it's easy to program these AI systems to ask them to do something very bad, this could be very dangerous.

"If they're smarter than us, then it's hard for us to stop these systems or to prevent damage," he added.

Prof Bengio admitted those concerns were taking a personal toll on him, as his life's work, which had given him direction and a sense of identity, was no longer clear to him.

"It is challenging, emotionally speaking, for people who are inside [the AI sector]," he said.

"You could say I feel lost. But you have to keep going and you have to engage, discuss, encourage others to think with you."

The Canadian has signed two recent statements urging caution about the future risks of AI. Some academics and industry experts have warned that the pace of development could result in malicious AI being deployed by "bad actors" to actively cause harm - or choosing to inflict harm by itself.

Fellow "godfather" Dr Geoffrey Hinton has also signed the same warnings as Prof Bengio, and retired from Google recently saying he regretted his work.

The third "godfather", Prof Yann LeCun, who along with Prof Bengio and Dr Hinton won a prestigious Turing Award for their pioneering work, has said apocalyptic warnings are overblown.

Twitter and Tesla owner Elon Musk has also voiced his concerns.

"I don't think AI will try to destroy humanity, but it might put us under strict controls," he said recently at an event hosted by the Wall Street Journal.

"There's a small likelihood of it annihilating humanity. Close to zero but not impossible."

Prof Bengio told the BBC all companies building powerful AI products needed to be registered.

"Governments need to track what they're doing, they need to be able to audit them, and that's just the minimum thing we do for any other sector like building aeroplanes or cars or pharmaceuticals," he said.

"We also need the people who are close to these systems to have a kind of certification... we need ethical training here. Computer scientists don't usually get that, by the way."

But not everybody in the field believes AI will be the downfall of humans - others argue that there are more imminent problems which need addressing.

Dr Sasha Luccioni, research scientist at the AI firm Huggingface, said society should focus on issues like AI bias, predictive policing, and the spread of misinformation by chatbots which she said were "very concrete harms".

"We should focus on that rather than the hypothetical risk that AI will destroy humanity," she added.

There are already many examples of AI bringing benefits to society. Last week an AI tool discovered a new antibiotic, and a paralysed man was able to walk again just by thinking about it, thanks to a microchip developed using AI.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: AI 'godfather' Geoffrey Hinton tell the BBC of AI dangers as he quits Google

But this is juxtaposed with fears about the far-reaching impact of AI on countries' economies. Firms are already replacing human staff with AI tools, and it is a factor in the current strike under way by scriptwriters in Hollywood.

"It's never too late to improve," says Prof Bengio of AI's current state. "It's exactly like climate change.

"We've put a lot of carbon in the atmosphere. And it would be better if we hadn't, but let's see what we can do now."

What are your questions about artificial intelligence?

The fire caused damage to the Underfall Yard

A 45-year-old man has been arrested after a fire that badly damaged a boat yard in Bristol was deemed "suspicious".

The fire happened at Underfall Yard in the Hotwells area of the city in the early hours of Saturday, with a plume of smoke visible across the city.

Specialist fire investigators working with Avon and Somerset Police said they are now treating the fire as a "suspicious incident".

Avon Fire and Rescue evacuated more than 20 people from their flats close to the boat yard near Cumberland Road when the fire was on-going. They have since returned home.

Photos inside Underfall Yard show the extent of the damage

Fire officers stopped the fire from spreading by moving a burning boat away from others.

Underfall Yard has been crucial to the operation and maintenance of Bristol's Floating Harbour, which dates back to the early 1800s.

The yard is home to maritime businesses involved in boatbuilding, marine engineering, metal working and training.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two teenage boys died in a crash before a riot broke out in Cardiff which left several police officers injured.

Cars were set alight and fireworks thrown at police as 100 to 150 people gathered in Ely on Monday night.

Police dismissed social media rumours that they were involved in the crash, saying officers arrived at the scene afterwards.

The link between the crash and the disorder was unclear, South Wales' police and crime commissioner said.

"It would appear that there were rumours, and those rumours became rife, of a police chase - which wasn't the case," Alun Michael said.

"And I think it illustrates the speed with which rumours can run around with the activity that goes on on social media nowadays - and that events can get out of hand."

Mr Michael said up to 12 officers had been injured in the disorder.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's spokesperson said what had happened was "appalling and completely unacceptable".

First Minister of Wales Mark Drakeford said he was "very concerned" by the "upsetting reports".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Taxi driver Ahmad Abdullah was in his living room when he began hearing "screaming and shouting"

South Wales Police was called to the fatal crash on Snowden Road shortly after 18:00 BST on Monday.

At around 20:00, police tweeted that they were still at the scene of collision but also working to "de-escalate ongoing disorder".

The force said it received a large number of calls from "understandably frightened" residents.

By 01:10 BST on Tuesday, police said a number of vehicles had been set alight and arrests were being made.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The force said its thoughts were with the families of the two boys who had died as well as those affected by the rioting.

More arrests would follow, a police spokesperson said.

"Our focus now is to fully investigate the circumstances of the collision and the appalling scenes that followed", the spokesperson added.

A car was tipped on its roof and left burnt out at the scene

Mr Michael told BBC Radio 4's Today that the crash in which the two teenagers died was "being investigated in its own right", but that it appeared to have sparked the disorder.

But he said that the connection between the two events was "far from clear".

"So obviously there's going to be investigations going on this morning to try and establish what happened", Mr Michael said.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct said it had not been asked to investigate the fatal crash or the riot in Ely.

Floral tributes were left at the scene in Ely, Cardifff

Ely is an estate on the western side of Cardiff, roughly five miles (8km) from the city centre.

Local resident Ahmad Abdullah, 34, said he heard threats from rioters to "kill" police officers at the scene.

"They said that they would not stop until they killed a police officer.

"Now the people in this community don't feel safe now. We feel it could escalate at any time."

Young people were chasing police officers up the road, throwing stones and missiles at cars, he said.

Riot police attended the scene of disorder in the district of Ely in Cardiff

Mr Abdullah, a taxi driver who lives with his wife and three children in the street where the rioting took place, said police officers used fire extinguishers to put out missiles that had been set on fire and thrown at cars.

"They damaged my taxi, my next door neighbour's car too. They were throwing stones at my front door, bricks too.

"It was like they were throwing missiles. Like a rocket.

"I thought to myself, it is the end of the world now," he said.

The vicar of Ely said something has been "simmering" in the area for some time.

Canon Jan Gould told BBC Radio 5 Live's Nicky Campbell: "It is not uncommon in the summer to hear helicopters keeping an eye on things. It is becoming more and more of a problem."

She added: "My heart bleeds for Ely."

Two police cars were damaged in the disorder, with pictures showing one with its windscreen broken and its wing mirrors hanging off.

A car left vandalised in the Ely district of Cardiff

A member of the public was also attacked because some of those gathered thought they were an undercover police officer, according to one of the senior officers at the scene.

At least two parked cars were set alight, one of them after being tipped onto its roof.

Jane Palmer said she and her family watched from a window as people outside set fire to her car.

"I'm disabled so now I'm trapped without my car," she said.

"Why are they doing this? It's just silly now."

Litter and burnt cars were left on the street in Ely, Cardiff

As the disorder continued into the early hours of the morning, those gathered moved down nearby Highmead Road as police attempted to disperse them.

Police, including officers on horseback, were seen outside Ely police station amid suggestions that it could be targeted.

John Urquhart, who lives in Ely, witnessed the incident escalate from the start of the evening.

He said the vast majority of people were in the street because they "wanted to know what would happen next", and added that there was "a very small number of people actually doing any sort of violence."

Mr Urquhart said he was very "counter-violence" and offered first aid to people during the evening.

Another resident, who did not want to be named, said those behind the violence were "kids", and that it had "crossed a line" and "needs to stop".

Are you in the area? Did you witness the disorder? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A video still from the fatal Paris traffic stop shooting

Prosecutors have begun piecing together what happened before the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Nahel M by a police officer.

The officer has been charged with homicide and remains in custody.

In their outline of events after questioning eyewitnesses and reviewing CCTV footage, prosecutors say the teenage driver had already ignored a police demand to stop, when officers caught up with the car and drew their weapons.

Meanwhile an account has been posted online by one of the passengers, which French media say they have verified but the BBC has not.

In this account the passenger, also a teenager, says the officers hit Nahel M with the butts of their guns three times, causing him to take his foot off the brake of the car.

Prosecutors are due to talk to this witness on Monday.

Around 08:00 on Tuesday, two policemen on motorcycles spotted a Mercedes with a Polish number plate driving fast in a bus lane, Nanterre prosecutor Pascal Prache told journalists.

Turning on their siren, the officers caught up with the car at a traffic light. Three young men were inside.

The officers told the driver to stop but the vehicle pulled away, ignoring the red light. The officers gave chase and notified their unit by radio.

At 08:16, the Mercedes stopped in heavy traffic. Both officers got off their motorcycles, drew their weapons and approached the car.

They later told prosecutors that they pointed their guns at the driver to "deter him from driving away again".

They asked the driver to turn off the ignition, but the car moved forward. One of the officers fired, fatally wounding the young man in the chest.

After the car ran into a roadside barrier, one of the passengers was arrested and the other fled on foot.

The passenger says the three friends were driving around Nanterre when the car strayed into the bus lane and was chased by two policemen on motorcycles.

After Nahel stopped the car, the young man says in his video and in an interview with Le Parisien newspaper, one of the officers hit the teenage driver with the butt of his gun.

He alleges that the second policeman also struck Nahel before the first officer again hit him.

He told Le Parisien that the blows left Nahel M "a little stunned".

The third blow, according to this account, caused Nahel to take his foot off the brake and the vehicle to move forward. After the officer fired, Nahel M slumped forward and his foot pressed on the accelerator, the passenger said.

When the car came a standstill, the passenger said, he decided to flee because he was afraid he would be shot too.

Questions have been asked about the car, a Mercedes A class AMG. Officials describe it as a rented vehicle.

The passenger who fled said that someone had lent it to the three youths, without giving any details.

According to the French motoring website Autoplus, German sportscars with Polish number plates can be hired for €300-3,000 (£260-2,600) a day.

This type of short rental is popular with young men in French housing estates, Autoplus says.

Nahel M did not have a criminal record but was known to police.

He had previously been cited for driving without a licence - he was too young to have one - and for refusing to comply with an order to stop.

He was due to appear before a juvenile court in September.

Blume said banning books "has become political... it's worse than it was in the 80s"

Author Judy Blume has said she is worried about intolerance in the US, after some of her novels were removed from schools.

Some books have been removed from school libraries in the US due to concerns about how they explore complex themes of sex, race or gender identity.

One of Blume's novels was recently pulled in a Florida school district.

Blume told Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg banning books "has become political... it's worse than it was in the 80s".

Asked if she was worried about intolerance in the US, she replied: "Absolutely, intolerance about everything, gender, sexuality, racism.

"It's just reaching a point where again we have to fight back, we have to stand up and fight."

Blume's novels have been translated into 32 languages and sold more than 90 million copies, according to recent figures reported by The Washington Post.

A screen adaptation of the author's 1970 novel Are You There God? It's Me Margaret is set to be released in May, starring Abby Ryder Fortson, Rachel McAdams and Kathy Bates.

Abby Ryder Fortson and Rachel McAdams will star in the screen adaptation of Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret

The novel follows a young girl exploring her religious and sexual identity as she confronts adolescent anxieties about reaching puberty.

The book won several literary awards and has remained popular with teenage girls, but it has also attracted controversy both at the time of its publication and more recently, for how openly it discusses sexuality and religion.

Asked about book banning, Blume told Kuenssberg: "I thought that was over frankly, I thought we had come through that, you know, not in every way, but I never expected us to be back where we were in the 80s plus, much worse.

"I came through the 80s when book banning was really at its height. And it was terrible. And then libraries and schools began to get policies in place and we saw a falling off of the desire to censor books.

"Now it is back, it is back much worse - this is in America, it is back so much worse than it was in the 80s. Because it's become political.

Florida Republican Governor Ron DeSantis has proposed limiting discussion of gender and sexuality in schools

She continued: "We have legislators out there trying to put through laws, I just read about one last week in my home state of Florida, trying to put through a law - trying to put through laws saying that girls can no longer talk about periods at school or amongst themselves."

Earlier this month, Florida's state legislature introduced a new bill that may limit discussion of menstruation before sixth grade.

"I mean, that's crazy, that is so crazy," Blume said. "And it is so frightening that I think the only answer is for us to speak out and really keep speaking out, or we are going to lose our way."

Blume was also asked what she thought about Florida governor Ron DeSantis's proposal to restrict discussion about gender identity and sexual orientation in schools.

Last week, Florida's Commissioner of Education Manny Diaz Jr tweeted: "Students should be spending their time in school learning core academic subjects, not being force-fed radical gender and sexual ideology."

Blume criticised "bad politicians who drunk with power, who want to get out there, and I don't know what they're trying to prove really".

She added: "I mean, there's a group of mothers now going around saying that they want to protect their children. Protect them from what? You know, protect them from talking about things? Protect them from knowing about things?

"Because even if they don't let them read books, their bodies are still going to change and their feelings about their bodies are going to change. And you can't control that. They have to be able to read, to question."

UK ministers are preparing to announce their decision on Scotland's controversial deposit return scheme.

Scottish ministers are seeking an exemption from internal market rules to allow the scheme to start next March.

The BBC understands the UK government is likely to issue a conditional agreement that could permit Scotland to pilot a UK-wide scheme.

Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf says he does not know if the scheme will still be viable.

UK ministers are expected to require glass to be excluded from the scheme which was a key part of Scottish proposals.

Other conditions are likely to include standardising the deposit charge, bar codes and labelling across the UK.

It is thought the UK government will also insist on a reciprocal membership system so that businesses that join anywhere in the UK are automatically signed up across the UK.

Mr Yousaf said the fact that he was hearing this information through the media was "yet another demonstration of disrespect" from the UK government, which he said was "intent on undermining democracy".

He said industry had invested millions of pounds in the belief that glass was going to be included in the scheme.

"We do not know if the scheme is viable if you remove glass from it," he said.

However, he said he was not going to pre-empt any decisions about the scheme's future because he had not yet heard officially from the UK government.

Lorna Slater, the minister in charge of the scheme, told BBC Radio Scotland's Drivetime: "If it is true that their intentions are to prevent us, to force us to take glass out of the scheme... I'm pretty outraged.

"It is an affront to democracy in Scotland - this was passed by the Scottish Parliament - and it will be significantly damaging to our environment."

First Minister Humza Yousaf said industry had invested millions of pounds

The deposit return scheme, aimed at increasing the number of single-use drinks bottles and cans that are recycled, was due to begin in August.

It will now come into effect in March next year.

Under the new scheme, 20p will be added to the price of a single-use drinks container, which will be refunded to people who return it to a retailer or hospitality premises that offer single-use products.

Concerns have been raised that because Scotland's scheme would come in before similar initiatives in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, it could create a trade barrier.

The Internal Market Act was brought in after Brexit in a bid to ensure smooth trade across the different nations of the UK.

On Tuesday, the Scottish government minister responsible for the deposit return scheme told MSPs she was looking forward to a positive decision from the UK government.

Lorna Slater urged Westminster to "do the right thing" and allow the scheme to go ahead

Asked if she would compensate businesses if the scheme failed, Lorna Slater said that was a hypothetical question because she remained committed to delivering the scheme next March.

On Wednesday, the prime minister Rishi Sunak called on the Scottish government to reconsider their plans.

The UK government is planning to introduce its own deposit return scheme, details of which could be announced as early as today.

Speaking on a visit to Rutherglen on Friday, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said that if he was prime minister there would be a willingness to make the scheme work.

He said the two governments seemed more inclined to find a point of division between them.

When this cow ran onto an interstate, police in Michigan relied on a cowboy to lasso the suspect bovine. The animal is safe and has not been charged with a crime.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The sword carried by Penny Mordaunt at the Coronation has become an unexpected star attraction for visitors to the Tower of London.

A new display is being opened this week in the Jewel House, where the crowns and regalia are kept in the Tower.

But officials at the historical site say the sword of state has become a new talking point for visitors.

Ms Mordaunt later admitted she had taken painkillers to help with holding up the ceremonial sword.

The impact of the TV attention has turned the sword from being a minor part of the display to something visitors to the Tower want to know much more about.

"It's not an object we might have seen visitors looking for particularly in the past - but we expect that they definitely will now," said Charles Farris, a historian of the monarchy at Historic Royal Palaces.

"It's wonderful to see the ways in which the recent coronation has given people a new found appreciation of the crown jewels," he said, expecting the interest in Ms Mordaunt's sword-wielding to make a visit to the Tower more "vivid".

Penny Mordaunt's role became a talking point of the Coronation

The 17th-Century sword, more than 3ft (1m), was carried by Ms Mordaunt in her capacity as lord president of the Privy Council.

On social media, her appearance was likened to a character from Star Wars, a figure from Greek myth or wearing a logo with echoes of Poundland's branding.

She later commended the public for its online creativity and said she had taken a couple of painkillers to get through the demanding role.

The sword is kept in the Tower of London along with the crown jewels and other royal regalia and jewels.

This includes the controversial koh-i-noor diamond, whose ownership is disputed and which was not included in the Coronation.

The Imperial State Crown is part of the display in the Jewel House, at the Tower of London

The new display at the Tower of London now gives visitors more context for the diamond - calling it a "symbol of conquest".

This is meant to be more open and "transparent storytelling", showing how it forcibly changed hands over the centuries.

The Tower curators say public consultations found a particular interest in what had happened to the original medieval crown jewels.

These were broken up in the 17th-Century, after the Royalists were defeated in the English Civil War - and the display includes a gold coin from that era that could have been made from the melted-down crowns and regalia.

The only surviving item, a 12th-Century gold spoon, was also used at the Coronation earlier this month.

The crowns remain the centrepiece of the collection, with the adapted crown of Queen Mary, worn by Queen Camilla at the Coronation, now going on show.

And St Edward's Crown, which was worn by the King and will not be worn again until the next Coronation, can be seen close up.

The crash took place on New Carron Road after an altercation on Foundry Street

Police have launched a murder inquiry after a woman involved in a "dangerous" car chase crashed and died in Falkirk.

Officers were called to the B902 New Carron Road at about 18:10 on Saturday, after two vehicles collided.

The 27-year-old driver was pronounced dead at the scene. Shortly before the crash she had been involved in an altercation with the occupants of a black Mercedes which led to a pursuit.

Her death is being treated as suspicious and inquiries are ongoing.

The other occupant of her silver Vauxhall Vectra - a 22-year-old man - was taken to the Royal Infirmary in Edinburgh for treatment.

Meanwhile a 39-year-old man, who was driving a black Volkswagen Tiguan involved in the crash, suffered minor injuries.

Police are appealing for information to help trace a black Mercedes C-Class, containing a number of people, which left the scene and was last seen heading north on B902 New Carron Road.

The prior altercation happened on Foundry Street and led to a pursuit leading to New Carron Road.

Officers want to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of these incidents and has information that may help the investigation.

Anyone with CCTV, doorbell or dashcam footage is also urged to contact the police.

Det Insp Hazel Reid said there was a "dedicated team" working on the investigation.

"It is imperative we trace the occupants of the black Mercedes who fled the scene," she added.

"We believe this vehicle has pursued the Vauxhall in a dangerous fashion, resulting in a crash with the Volkswagen Tiguan.

"Officers are gathering CCTV footage from the surrounding area and door to door inquiries are also being carried out."

She said there would be a continued police presence in the area and anyone with any concerns could approach those officers.

Anyone with information has been asked to contact the force's non-emergency line.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Black smoke seen over the city of Khartoum after recent explosions

An emergency radio service for Sudan is to be launched on BBC News Arabic on Tuesday, by the World Service.

The pop-up radio service will be broadcast twice daily for three months, providing news and information for people in the war-torn African nation.

It will include eyewitness accounts and news on diplomatic efforts, the BBC said, and help counter disinformation.

BBC director general Tim Davie said the move was "crucial at a time of great uncertainty".

The programme will be broadcast live from London, with input and analysis from teams in Amman in Jordan and the Egyptian capital Cairo.

It will be available on shortwave radio in Sudan, as well as online, where listeners will be able to hear information on how to access essential supplies and services, the BBC said.

"The World Service provides an essential lifeline to many around the world where access to accurate news and information is scarce," Mr Davie said in a statement.

"The enhanced emergency service for Sudan will be crucial at a time of great uncertainty in the country."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Fighting that has erupted in the Sudanese capital, Khartoum, and elsewhere in the country is a direct result of a vicious power struggle within the country's military leadership.

The clashes are between the regular army and a paramilitary force called the Rapid Support Forces (RSF).

Liliane Landor, director of the World Service, said: "The situation in Sudan has escalated quickly with its citizens seeking clear, independent information and advice at a time of critical need.

"BBC Arabic's Emergency Radio Service for Sudan will bring vital live updates of the situation on the ground and inform listeners of life-saving resources."

The programme will broadcast at 09:00 local time (07:00 GMT) on 21,510 kHz and 17:00 local time (15:00 GMT) on 15,310kHz. The first programme will be available on Tuesday afternoon.

Have you been affected by the conflict in Sudan? Please email us: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Iain Hughes had been attempting a solo swim of the English Channel

A firefighter has gone missing while on a charity swim across the English Channel, it has been confirmed.

Iain Hughes, from Dudley, started the solo challenge with a support boat on Tuesday from Dover before disappearing.

Mr Hughes, 42, remains missing despite a search involving military helicopters and navy and police boats.

Based at Wednesbury fire station, he posted on social media two weeks ago that the swim had been delayed because of bad weather.

In a statement, West Midlands Fire Service said: "We are heartbroken to confirm that one of our crew managers, Iain Hughes, is missing after his inspiring attempt to swim the English Channel for charity."

Mr Hughes, a married father-of-two who has been with the fire service since the age of 19, currently works in its technical rescue unit.

"In spite of search efforts involving French and Belgian military helicopters, plus navy and police patrol boats, Iain's whereabouts remain unknown," the fire service statement continued.

"We are giving Iain's family all the support we can at this distressing time," he said.

The Channel crossing is 21 miles (34km) and can take swimmers anywhere between seven and 27 hours to complete.

Mr Hughes has been aiming to raise £21,000 for the British Heart Foundation, Midlands Air Ambulance and Fire Fighters' Charity.

The Gris-Nez operational surveillance and rescue centre (CROSS) was informed a swimmer had disappeared on Tuesday, off the Cap Gris-Nez.

It sent helicopters from the French and Belgian navies, as well as a French Navy patrol boat, to join the search.

The RNLI confirmed it had not been called on to assist.

On Wednesday, the Channel Swimming and Piloting Federation (CS&PF), which monitors swimmers in the channel, announced with "deep regret" Mr Hughes could not be found after a sea search.

The Channel Swimming Association said the swimmer was not involved with the organisation and it was therefore unable to comment, but said its "thoughts and prayers" were with the swimmer and his family.

The BBC has contacted HM Coastguard and Kent Police for comment.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Vew of a landslide after an earthquake hit just off the eastern coast of Taiwan Image caption: Vew of a landslide after an earthquake hit just off the eastern coast of Taiwan

These people are trapped in tunnels along what is called the Suhua Highway - which runs down the east coast and is one of the most dramatic and treacherous roads in Taiwan.

It is famous for both its beautiful views of the Pacific Ocean and its danger – not least because of its landslides.

This road was cut through the mountainside and was blasted through using literally dynamite and manual labour, mostly military labour to make that highway through from Yilan to Hualian in the 1930s.

Before then, there was no road around the north coast of Taiwan to Hualian.

This 50km (30 miles) stretch of road with a number of tunnels in it, some of them quite long. And it is in two of those tunnels we understand that these tourists are trapped.

We do not know the condition they are in, whether they're safe, whether they have food and water, whether they're able to contact the outside world or not.

We also don't know how bad the blockages are and how long it is going to take for rescue teams to get through to them.

Presumably it might take some time. But, it is a sort of nightmare scenario being on a bus, in a tunnel on a very treacherous piece of road where on one side is a mountain and on the other side is a sheer plunge into the ocean.

Rescue teams are working to get to them tonight.

We understand the railway along the east coast of Taiwan is damaged, is being repaired and they are hoping to get that railway through to Hualian and open by lunchtime tomorrow.
• For the latest on this story click here

Tvorchi held up a sign displaying the name of their hometown while participating in the Eurovision Song Contest

The hometown of Ukraine's Eurovision act was hit by Russian missiles moments before the band took to the stage in Liverpool, officials say.

The head of Ternopil regional state administration, Volodymyr Trush, confirmed two people had been injured.

Ukraine's foreign ministry accused Russia of attacking Kyiv and Ternopil regions before and during Tvorchi's Eurovision performance.

Ten minutes before taking to the stage at the Liverpool Arena, Tvorchi posted on Instagram citing reports of Ternopil in western Ukraine being attacked.

After performing, they added: "Ternopil is the name of our hometown, which was bombed by Russia while we sang on the Eurovision stage about our steel hearts, indomitability and will.

"This is a message for all cities of Ukraine that are shelled every day. Kharkiv, Dnipro, Khmelnytsky, Kyiv, Zaporizhzhia, Uman, Sumy, Poltava, Vinnytsia, Odesa, Mykolaiv, Chernihiv, Kherson and all others.

"Europe, unite against evil for the sake of peace!"

Tvorchi posted on Instagram saying Russia was bombing their native city of Ternopil

Tvorchi, made up of producer Andrii Hutsuliak and Nigeria-born vocalist Jeffery Kenny, hoped to defend the Eurovision title after Kalush Orchestra won last year in Turin.

They performed "Heart of Steel" - a song about troops who led an ultimately unsuccessful resistance against Russian forces at the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.

Liverpool is hosting the contest on behalf of Ukraine due to the ongoing conflict.

At the end of their performance, Tvorchi held their fists in the air as acts from other nations were also seen waving the blue and yellow flag of Ukraine.

Tvorchi are made up of producer Andrii Hutsuliak and Nigeria-raised vocalist Jeffery Kenny

The UK's ambassador to Ukraine Dame Melinda Simmons described Tvorchi's Eurovision performance as "poignant".

Writing on Twitter, she added: "Reminder that the reason why Ukraine could not host this event is because Russia continues to invade and the people of Ukraine live in continuing danger."

Though Swedish act Loreen took the Eurovision crown after a nail-biting finish, there was praise for Tvorchi from Ternopil's mayor who thanked the band for supporting the city during their performance.

Posting on Facebook in Ukrainian, Mayor Nadal wrote: "It was at this time that our city was attacked by Russian missiles.

"Thank you, because your speech has become a symbol of not only the unity of the country, but of the whole world."

He told the BBC the fire at the warehouse in Ternopil had been brought under control.

"Firefighters worked all night and continue to work," he said, adding that the two people who were wounded suffered minor injuries and were in hospital.

Russia has not yet made any official comment.

Earlier in the day, President Volodymyr Zelensky visited Pope Francis at the Vatican and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni in Rome.

He has since flown to Germany, arriving in Berlin just before 01:00 local time.

Fishing industry leaders have previously called for the proposals to be reconsidered

The Scottish government has scrapped its plans to create Highly Protected Marine Areas in 10% of Scotland's seas.

The proposals would have restricted fishing and other human activities in some coastal areas, in a bid to protect the environment.

But members of the fishing industry and some island communities raised concerns about the plans.

Net Zero Secretary Mairi McAllan said the government was firmly committed to enhancing marine protection.

But she said the current plans would not be progressed.

Instead, the Scottish government will consult further with the industry, communities and conservation organisations about a new pathway and timetable.

However, groups that wish to pursue community-led marine protection in their local area on a quicker timescale, such as those initiatives in Lamlash Bay on Arran, will be supported to pursue their plans

Members of the Scottish fishing industry, coastal communities and even some MSPs had raised fierce objections to the marine conservation proposals.

The Scottish Fishermen's Federation (SFF), which represents the country's fishermen's associations, has warned the plans could have a "catastrophic impact" on the industry.

Net Zero Secretary Mairi McAllan announced the change of plan in Holyrood

Former Finance Secretary Kate Forbes warned people, not wildlife, could become the "endangered species" in Highland and island areas due to jobs being lost as a result of the proposals.

Those sentiments were captured in a popular song by Celtic music band Skippinish, whose The Clearances Again track warned that the "the soul will be torn" from island communities, with the protected areas representing "a wrecking ball through our existence".

Ms McAllan said: "We chose to consult as early and widely as possible on the principles of Highly Protected Marine Areas (HPMAs), with no pre-determined sites.

"It has always been, and continues to be, this government's plan to work co-operatively with communities to identify how and where to enhance marine protection in a way that minimises impact and maximises opportunity.

"Therefore, while we remain firmly committed to the outcome of enhanced marine protection, the proposal as consulted on will not be progressed."

As part of the Bute House Agreement - which brought the Scottish Greens into government in a historic power-sharing deal with the SNP - ministers had planned to designate at least 10% of Scotland's seas as HPMAs by 2026.

It meant that all forms of fishing including recreational catch and release angling would be prohibited in selected sites.

Seaweed harvesting would also be banned, no new marine renewable energy schemes would be allowed and the laying of subsea cables would be restricted.

Managed levels of swimming, snorkelling and windsurfing would be allowed.

About 37% of Scotland's seas are already included in Scotland's Marine Protected Areas network.

These areas are managed for the long-term conservation of marine resources, ecosystems services, or cultural heritage.

Scottish Conservative rural affairs spokeswoman Rachael Hamilton said: "The SNP might have rebranded their reckless plans on Highly Protected Marine Areas, but in reality this amounts to little more than kicking the can down the road.

"Never have I experienced a policy that has received such overwhelming opposition from coastal communities, and Scotland's fishermen must now be at the heart of any proposals brought forward.

"SNP-Green ministers have caused huge stress in recent months in our coastal communities - and that must never happen again."

Some people living in Tiree were opposed to the HPMA plans

Scottish Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Rhoda Grant said: "The SNP/Green government plans for HPMAs would have had a catastrophic impact on our rural and island communities, and it is right that they have signalled an end to this chaos.

"We hope the Scottish government will now go back to the drawing board, work collegiately with coastal communities on effecting plans to protect our seas."

Scottish Liberal Democrat rural affairs spokeswoman Beatrice Wishart said Ms McAllan's announcement was "testament to the power and voice of rural and remote communities who were united in their opposition".

Greens coastal communities spokesperson Ariane Burgess welcomed the announcement and accused opposition parties of trying to "weaponise the nature emergency".

Elspeth Macdonald, chief executive of the Scottish Fishermen's Federation, welcomed the move to scrap the "flawed" HPMAs.

She said: "Ministers will now need to re-assure people that they are not simply intent on introducing the same policy by the back door."

A spokesman for the charity Open Seas said: "Although Open Seas support the stated aims of HPMAs, we have maintained serious concerns about the approach taken so far to implement them.

"The Scottish government are now learning a hard lesson that deep community engagement and participation is fundamental to taking action for the environment."

He added: "The HPMA debate has diverted some attention from the routine environmental damage to Scotland's coastal seabed caused by scallop dredging and bottom-trawling.

"Scottish ministers must prioritise action on these most destructive fishing methods to secure real sustainability for our seas and fisheries."

This is the latest in a series of difficult or controversial policies which Humza Yousaf inherited from Nicola Sturgeon which have been watered down or jettisoned entirely.

It is probably not a coincidence that the move was announced on the very last day of term, while many eyes were on Ms Sturgeon's appearance at the Covid inquiry.

But it is also striking that it has been welcomed across the political spectrum at Holyrood, despite other parties having a very broad range of views on the topic.

SNP backbenchers found themselves singing from the same hymn sheet as the Conservatives in decrying the impact on coastal communities and businesses.

Labour were ultimately fairly typical in being a party which backed the principle of marine protection, but couldn't stomach the specifics of the proposals.

Even the Greens - who wrote HPMAs into their Bute House Agreement with the SNP - have rowed in behind the idea of a new timeframe.

It's one less headache for the government to ponder as MSPs head off for the summer recess.

But with a promise of a rethink, it won't be long before there is pressure come up with a fresh way forward.

Every day this week, we're speaking to one of the leading contenders for the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest.

For our penultimate chat, we caught up with girl group Vesna, whose feminist anthem My Sister's Crown sailed through Tuesday's qualifiers, thanks to its defiant refrain: "We are not your dolls".

Although they're representing Czechia (formerly the Czech Republic), the six-piece are actually a multi-national act.

Rapper Tanita is Bulgarian, bass player Tereza is Slovak, pianist Olesya is Russian, while songwriter Patricie Kaňok, drummer Marketa and violinist Bára are all from Czechia.

They even collaborated with Ukraine's Kateryna Vatchenko on their Eurovision entry - whose chorus is sung in Ukrainian as a message of solidarity with their war-torn European neighbour.

Dressed in blush-pink suits, with floor-length ponytails, the band are mobbed by fans when they arrive in the Eurovision press centre. After posing for an endless succession of Instagram photos, TikTok video and BeReal snaps, they sit down to discuss their Eurovision experience.

You've just been mobbed! Is that happening everywhere now?

Patricie: Yes! It still feels a bit crazy. But we're just so happy that our message is being understood. That's what Eurovision is about. So, when the fans come and they love the song, we couldn't be more grateful.

How has the whole rehearsal and semi-final process been?

Patricie: It's really fine. We feel rooted on the stage and we feel calm. I think we're ready for the final.

How strange is it to be dancing instead of playing your instruments on stage?

Olesya: It's very strange - because until recently we pretended to play the instruments on stage and it was like, where's the sound? [The technical complexity of Eurovision means that all songs are sung to a backing track]. But now, as we are all dancing, we can express our emotions through our movements.

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by Vesna This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

I'm a drummer and if anybody asked me to get up and dance, I'd be like, "I'm good, thanks. I'll stay hidden behind the kit."

Tanita: Fortunately, our drummer has great moves, so we have no problem.

Patricie: We always say how funny that our first public dance performance will be watched by 60 million people and our second, in the final, will be watched by 200 million. For beginners, that's pretty good!

You're rocking these incredible floor-length braids, which are part of your dance routine.

Tanita; We call it hair-ography! We've been practicing for three months.

Has anyone tripped up yet?

Patricie: No, we have carefully planned the plaits not to be longer than our ankles. Of course, tripping over has happened in our nightmares, but it hasn't happened in real life. And It won't happen.

The band's performance was a fan favourite in the Liverpool Arena at Tuesday's semi-final

My Sister's Crown is a really powerful song. Can you tell us a bit about the lyrics?

Patricie: Our message is to stand up for those people who are being put down or being stepped on. If you see somebody being pushed into the corner, or having their crown taken away, we feel it's wrong.

So it has a message of empowerment - which you can see in our sisterhood. But can also apply to a community or a country that is going through a hard time.

When you sing the chorus in Ukrainian, it's a really powerful statement.

Patricie: That's correct. When we sing, "we stand for you" in Ukrainian, we are supporting that Slavic country with a message from all the other Slavic counties.

There's a feminine principle of solidarity and empathy with other, and when you see that basic human rights are being neglected, it's just so painful.

You've been playing together since 2016. How has the band developed?

Tanita: We all met in music school in Prague in the Czech Republic, but we all come from different countries.

Patricie: We've already released two albums at home, and the music usually depicts what we are going through as a band, as women. The more mature we get, we see world in a different way, so every record reflects that growth and I think with time it's getting more and more polished.

So for example, right now, with the opportunity of having our music exposed to the whole world, we decided to create an EP which is combining other Slavic languages.

I heard a rumour it will be released on Sunday...

Patricie: Yeah, it comes out one day after Eurovision.

The group have already released two albums, toured with Aurora and collaborated with Hradec Kralove's Philharmonic Orchestra

Czechia's best result in Eurovision is sixth place but there's speculation that you might improve on that. Does that get into your head?

Patricie: Every time when we go on a stage, a few moments before we begin, we just make a circle and we remind each other, "This is not about us being perfect. It's not about worrying about making mistakes or not making mistakes." We're really here to spread a message and that has already happened.

So if people love it and if they understand it - if it touches their heart - then that's our victory.

Patricie, I know you're a huge Taylor Swift fan... What would you do if she called up to ask for a collaboration?

Patricie: Oh my God. You don't want me into your microphone but, 'Aaaaaaaaaaah'! For sure she could come along. She's a genius songwriter. I don't understand how she manages to write two albums in one year!

To be fair, that was in lockdown. We all had a lot of time on our hands.

Patricie: That's true. But again, I think we also did a good job of staying creative during Eurovision. We recorded three new songs in the last two months and you can hear them on the EP. So we are in Taylor's shadow but it's a good shadow to be in.

Meta chief executive Mark Zuckerberg announced the plans in a memo to staff

Meta, which owns Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp, has announced plans to cut 10,000 jobs.

It will be the second wave of mass redundancies from the tech giant, which laid off 11,000 employees last November.

Meta chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said the cuts - part of a "year of efficiency" - would be "tough".

In addition to the 10,000 jobs cut, 5,000 vacancies at the firm will be left unfilled, he told staff.

In a memo, Mr Zuckerberg told employees he believed the company had suffered "a humbling wake-up call" in 2022 when it experienced a dramatic slowdown in revenue.

Meta previously announced that in the three months to December 2022, earnings were down 4% year-on-year - though it still managed to make a profit of more than $23bn over the course of 2022.

Mr Zuckerberg cited higher interest rates in the US, global geopolitical instability and increased regulation as some of the factors affecting Meta, and contributing to the slowdown.

"I think we should prepare ourselves for the possibility that this new economic reality will continue for many years," he said.

The latest job cuts come as companies, including Google and Amazon, have been grappling with how to balance cost-cutting measures with the need to remain competitive.

At the start of this year, Amazon announced it planned to close more than 18,000 jobs because of "the uncertain economy" and rapid hiring during the pandemic, while Google's parent company Alphabet made 12,000 cuts.

According to layoffs.fyi, which tracks job losses in the tech sector, there have been more than 128,000 job cuts in the tech industry so far in 2023.

Mr Zuckerberg said the recruitment team would be the first to be told whether they were affected by the cuts, and would find out on Wednesday.

He also outlined when other teams would be informed: "We expect to announce restructurings and lay-offs in our tech groups in late April 2023, and then our business groups in late May 2023," he wrote in the memo to staff on Tuesday.

"In a small number of cases, it may take through to the end of the year to complete these changes.

"Our timelines for international teams will also look different, and local leaders will follow up with more details."

Sadly, we're getting used to hearing about big tech lay-offs, as the giants of the sector continue to tighten their belts.

Many like Meta make most of their money from advertising. Now they're faced with a perfect storm: of falling ad revenues from companies with their own bills to pay, and a user base which has less money to spend, making existing ad space less valuable.

It's interesting to note that Meta is looking to its recruitment team in the latest round of cuts.

I often hear that Silicon Valley firms have a tendency to over-recruit, for two reasons. Firstly, so they have staff ready to handle sudden growth, which can happen (just look at TikTok). And, secondly, to retain those people perceived to be "top tech talent", whom they don't want working for their rivals.

Both are luxuries, it seems, that are no longer affordable.

Meta has the added risk of Mark Zuckerberg's enormous gamble on the metaverse being The Next Big Thing. If he's right, his firm will regain its crown, but if he's wrong, the $15bn+ dollars he has spent on it so far could disappear in a puff of mixed reality smoke.

Mr Zuckerberg said there would be no new hires until the restructuring was complete, adding that he aimed to make the company "flatter" by "removing multiple layers of management".

He also dedicated a section of his correspondence to hybrid work. His claims that software engineers who joined Meta in person performed better than those who joined remotely, suggest hybrid working will come under scrutiny during the current "year of efficiency".

"Engineers earlier in their career perform better on average when they work in person with teammates at least three days a week," wrote Mr Zuckerberg.

"We're focusing on understanding this further, and finding ways to make sure people build the necessary connections to work effectively.

"In the meantime, I encourage all of you to find more opportunities to work with your colleagues in person."

Mr Netanyahu was faced with protesters as he arrived at Downing Street

As Benjamin Netanyahu walked the length of Downing Street towards a warm welcome from Rishi Sunak, the sounds of anguished protest will have been ringing in his ears.

It's nothing he hasn't seen and heard, on a vastly bigger scale, on the streets of his own country in recent weeks.

But it will have served as a reminder that Israel's domestic woes are now following the embattled prime minister wherever he goes.

There is no obvious sign that it's causing difficulties in relations with the UK, though.

In a joint document signed by the British and Israeli foreign ministers on Tuesday, the two sides said their bilateral relationship "has never been stronger".

"As freedom-loving, innovative and thriving democracies," the document known as the 2030 Roadmap went on, "Israel and the UK are proud of our deep and historic partnership. We are firm friends and natural allies."

A Downing Street readout of Friday morning's meeting hints at some mild criticism from Rishi Sunak of Mr Netanyahu's proposed legal reforms.

"The prime minister stressed the importance of upholding the democratic values that underpin our relationship," a spokesperson said, "including in the proposed judicial reforms in Israel."

The fact that cameras were not allowed into Number 10, and the absence of customary statements or a news conference, hinted at an air of embarrassment surrounding Mr Netanyahu's visit.

But outside, in Whitehall, Mr Netanyahu's British critics were rather more direct.

"For the first time in a really long time, British Jews are really taking a stand," Sharon Shochat, one of the organisers of today's protest, told the BBC.

"We don't want anything to do with what we're seeing in Israel. The racism, the extremism, the deterioration from democracy and liberal values."

Neither Ms Shochat nor the tens of thousands of Israelis demonstrating on the streets of Israel for the past two months can necessarily claim to represent a majority opinion, but this is a moment of doubt and anxiety for the Jewish state's supporters abroad, as they watch Israelis coming to blows.

Britain's Chief Rabbi, Sir Ephraim Mirvis, was sufficiently alarmed to issue a plea for Jewish unity, while urging Israel to "hold fast to the principles upon which it was founded".

Of more concern, for Israel, are signs that the US administration is losing patience with its traditional ally.

Last week the Biden administration took the highly unusual step of calling the Israeli ambassador to the state department to explain why his government was planning to undo part of a 2005 law on settlements withdrawal, which could see Jewish settlers returning to highly contentious sites in the occupied West Bank.

And it's notable that Joe Biden, long regarded as a firm friend of Israel, has yet to invite Mr Netanyahu to the White House.

Deputy PM Dominic Raab has paid his own legal fees during an investigation into allegations he bullied officials.

Mr Raab's spokesman said it was "not an option" for his legal representation to be paid by the government.

This is despite taxpayers footing the bill for Boris Johnson's lawyers in the Partygate inquiry, which so far runs to £220,000.

Downing Street is facing questions about why Mr Johnson is getting government support.

Rishi Sunak's spokesman said the former prime minister was being investigated over government business when he was a minister.

He argued that this was different to Mr Raab's case and meant that Mr Johnson was entitled to government support under an "established process".

The PM's spokesman denied both men were being investigated over their behaviour and were therefore subject to the same rules.

Mr Johnson - whose legal team is headed by top barrister Lord Pannick KC - is facing claims he deliberately lied to Parliament over Covid-rule breaking in Downing Street when he was prime minister.

The Commons Privileges Committee is currently deciding whether he is guilty of a contempt of Parliament. Mr Johnson was last month grilled for nearly four hours by the committee, with a lawyer at his side.

Mr Raab is under investigation over eight formal complaints about his behaviour as foreign secretary, Brexit secretary and during his first stint as justice secretary.

He has denied allegations of bullying and said he has always "behaved professionally" - but has previously said he would resign if the inquiry finds against him.

The bullying probe is being carried out by lawyer Adam Tolley KC, who was appointed by Mr Sunak in November.

Mr Tolley's report is expected to land on the prime minister's desk shortly. He will then decide - based on the evidence in it - whether Mr Raab has broken the ministerial code and must be sacked.

News that Mr Raab had paid for his own legal advice was included in a much-delayed update to the register of ministerial interests, published by the government in the wake of controversy over Mr Sunak's financial transparency.

Mr Raab's entry in the register reads: "The minister has engaged lawyers at his own expense in relation to the investigation being conducted by Adam Tolley KC."

Ministers are meant to register shareholdings, directorships, investments or any other financial arrangement that could lead to a conflict of interest.

It is unusual for a minister to declare an expense on the register, as Mr Raab has done.

A Cabinet Office source said ministers can also use the register to declare "anything that is relevant to their work as a minister".

Last updated on .From the section Horse Racing

Pre-race favourite Kitty's Light burst clear of the field despite making a mistake over the last fence to win the Scottish Grand National at Ayr.

It started a couple of minutes late after police stopped an attempt by protestors to disrupt the showpiece.

Jockey Jack Tudor brought home the 4-1 Welsh-trained horse, who was runner-up last year, ahead of Scotland's Cooper's Cross (25-1) in second.

Flash De Touzaine was third at 40-1, while Threeunderthrufive was fourth.

Tudor dedicated the win to trainer Christian Williams, whose five-year-old daughter Betsy was recently diagnosed with leukaemia.

"This means an awful lot to Christian - his little girl's really unwell," he said. "It has been a massive lift to him more than anyone. It means a lot this one."

Williams was understandably emotional after the race, saying: "It's brilliant. He's a very important horse. We've a big battle on at home with my daughter, but this is great and will cheer everyone up.

"I'm lucky to have the staff I've got, and the family. It's a great tonic to the children watching at home and I'm looking forward to getting back tonight and seeing them all."

Seven-year-old Kitty's Light was well backed to triumph over the four-mile course and its 25 fences despite what Tudor described as the horse's obvious limitations.

He said: "He's very different. He's small, he's Flat-bred, he's not a brilliant jumper, but he's just trained to the absolute minute."

Kitty's Light hit the top of the last fence hard as Tudor moved him to the front of the field, but he maintained momentum to hold off a strong run from home hope Cooper's Cross.

The field showed little tension early on after attempts by protest group Animal Rising to disrupt the start, as they had at the previous Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.

There was a significant security operation by Police Scotland, which reported that a small number of people had been arrested, but protestors who made it on to the track were quickly dealt with.

The Ayr protest followed the death of horse Oscar Elite in the 13:50 race on Saturday. Activists said they wanted to stop other horses from dying or coming to harm.
• None Follow the Highland Cops as they fight crime

Dame Jenny Harries was seen by ministers as a safe pair of hands during the pandemic and was never likely to be the most outspoken of witnesses in this inquiry.

Today she kept coming back to what she described as "wicked" issues - those questions that are particularly hard to grapple with and no obvious right answer.

Whether to put in place mandatory quarantine for travellers arriving in the country or voluntary self-isolation was, she said, a "very difficult" decision where the "evidence base is often in the opposite direction to political will."

Unlike other witnesses, she said basing pandemic planning on an outbreak of a new flu virus was "a pretty good" strategy.

She did though suggest a better idea would be to have a plan which could "flex" and adapt quickly to the specific attributes of a future virus if and when it emerges.

Harries said she would agree with the overall conclusions of a report finding that Covid hit the most vulnerable in society the hardest.

But she was very careful not to criticise the economic policies of the government since 2010, saying there was "no evidence" of a direct link between austerity and the impact of the pandemic.

Finally she appeared to support calls for a new senior minister to be appointed to be in charge of resilience and emergency planning in the future (another of her "wicked" issues).

British attempts to evacuate its embassy staff from Sudan at the weekend delayed efforts by other countries to rescue their own citizens, senior German political sources have told the BBC.

They allege British forces landed in Sudan without the Sudanese army's permission - as other European nations were hoping to airlift citizens to safety.

The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) described that as "complete nonsense".

Germany, among others, had planned to use the airfield north of Khartoum from which subsequent evacuation operations have been conducted.

But, the sources say, the "unannounced British military presence" so angered the Sudanese army that they refused access to the facility.

According to one source, having landed without permission, the British had to pay the army before leaving.

And negotiations to use the airfield meant that German rescuers "lost at least half a day" during what was, at the time, considered to be a very small window of opportunity.

The MoD denied that it was responsible for any delay.

In a statement, it said: "It is not accurate to suggest that Britain's efforts to evacuate embassy staff from Sudan last weekend slowed-down Germany's plans.

"Operating in such complex circumstances will always come with challenges, but we have worked extremely closely with our French, US and particularly German partners who have facilitated access to the airfield throughout this week, and of course we remain grateful to the Sudanese Armed Forces."

Later, an MoD spokesperson said it was "complete nonsense to claim that we landed in Sudan without permission from the Sudanese army. We had permission".

Germany has now ended its rescue mission, after airlifting more than 700 people to safety on six flights from the airfield north of Khartoum which the UK is now using for its evacuation operation.

Around 200 of those taken to safety were German nationals and the rest were from 30 other nations, including the UK.

The relief and elation in Berlin that its operation concluded relatively successfully has assuaged the anger of defence officials, but military leaders are still said to be "not amused".

When asked why the UK had managed to get its embassy staff out on Saturday, while German flights only started on Sunday, Mr Pistorius said: "How shall I put it diplomatically? They ignored what the Sudanese had stipulated."

And, in Berlin, there are lingering traces of disdain for the UK government's initial handling of the crisis.

German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock may not have mentioned the UK by name but launched a thinly disguised attack on countries that, she implied, had abandoned their citizens and focused their rescue efforts only on diplomatic staff.

"It was important to us that the [German] evacuation, unlike other countries, didn't just involve our diplomatic personnel but all Germans on the ground and their partners."

Delyth Jones said having migraines affects her life "massively"

A woman who has about nine migraines a month has said the condition controls her life.

Delyth Jones, 32, from Ceredigion, said she has missed her children's school concerts and sports days due to them.

A former GP who lost her job after a chronic migraine diagnosis has set up a voluntary support group in Cardiff, citing a lack of support.

The Welsh government said it was committed to improving care and services.

Ms Jones first started having migraines as a teenager and described the pain as "intense".

"It starts as a little tingling behind my eye, and I think 'oh yes, I'm going to have a migraine today'," she said.

"[It's] a huge pressure running back towards the back of my head from my eye. The pain, I can't describe it."

Ms Jones said some of her migraines can last for days.

"As a mother of three, it affects my life massively. I've missed out on things that they do, school concerts, sports days," she said.

Delyth Jones and her three children

"I've turned into an anxious person. Anxious that people don't believe me when I say that I have one. I feel isolated.

"Not many other people I know have them and I can't talk to other people about how I feel because they don't understand."

Ms Jones said she struggled with a lack of support when she went to see the doctor about her migraines.

"When I went to the doctors there was no literature, no support groups suggested, they were just quite happy to give me the medicine and basically 'that will help you'.

"It does worry me. It controls your life."

Dr Anna Maclean, an ex-GP who lost her job after a chronic migraine diagnosis, set up a support group for the condition in Cardiff last year, which now has 60 members.

"There isn't much expertise within Wales although I'm sure people are trying their best under the difficult circumstances of the NHS," said Dr Maclean.

"So I've just sought to help people and, along with another GP, we've set up this group because the numbers are enormous.

"Through the group they're all meeting up with people who've got the same symptoms so they don't feel so alone.

"[Migraines] needs to be made visible. Whilst it doesn't kill you, it absolutely kills your life."

Dr Llinos Roberts, from the Royal College of General Practitioners, said GPs can refer patients to headache clinics but more funding was needed to improve care in Wales.

Dr Llinos Roberts called for more funding to improve care in Wales

"We know that migraines are very common but the complexity lies in the range of symptoms people might experience," she said.

"There are some symptoms that are more common than others: head pain - often one side of the head, the feeling of nausea, problems with vision... but these can vary according to the individual.

"There is a need perhaps to increase the amount of funding to help patients see professionals who have a particular interest in migraine care."

Charity The Migraine Trust said there was a "long way to go" to improve awareness.

According to its research, one in seven people in Wales live with the condition, and one in ten people in the UK.

"I think there's a lot the Welsh government could do," said its chief executive Rob Music.

"If you think about just how common my migraine is, and just the impact that it has, and so poorly understood it is.

"I think we very much feel that that the migraine needs to should do must to get to where menopause is now."

The Welsh government said it recognised the "debilitating effects" of migraines.

"We are committed to working with the NHS to improve care, services and access to services," it said.

It said a headache toolkit was recently launched to support frontline clinical teams in diagnosing and planning care for patients.

The "bone-chilling" discovery was reported to police on Wednesday

A pile of human bones reported to police turned out to be a toy model of Captain Hook - complete with his trusty pet parrot and a hook for a hand.

A member of the public reported the "suspicious incident" in the Long Eaton area of Derbyshire on Wednesday.

Police said one of its "brave" officers - who had a bone to pick - found the discovery was of a more humerus nature.

A picture of the toy skeleton, which was missing an arm and its bottom half, was shared by police on Facebook.

This Facebook post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Facebook The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Facebook content may contain adverts. Skip facebook post by Long Eaton Police SNT This article contains content provided by Facebook. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Facebook cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Facebook content may contain adverts.

The Long Eaton Police safer neighbourhood team (SNT) said it was "always better to be safe than sorry", and urged the public to "report any suspicious incident".

A spokesperson for Derbyshire Police later added: "The force was called by a concerned member of the public who reported they had found what appeared to be a human skeleton in a bush in their garden.

"Due to the nature of what had been called into the force, an officer attended the home, where it was found that the skeleton was in fact a plastic toy pirate skeleton.

"The call was made in good faith and officers left the toy to be disposed of by the homeowner."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Breast cancer screening was paused in 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic

Cases of cancer in Scotland increased by almost 15% in a year after dropping in the first 12 months of the pandemic.

New figures show more than 35,379 new cases were detected in 2021.

Public Health Scotland said the 2020 fall in numbers was "largely due to under-diagnosis caused by Covid restrictions", including the temporary pause of screening programmes.

However the 2021 figures were 5.5% higher than pre-pandemic levels in 2019.

The annual update of cancer incidence statistics have also highlighted continuing inequalities in cancer occurrence.

The data showed the overall risk of developing cancer was 30% higher in the most deprived parts of the country than the least deprived.

The most common cancers in 2021 were lung, breast, bowel and prostate, with these together accounting for more than half (54%) of all cases.

Lung cancer remained the most common cancer overall, with 5,476 cases diagnosed in 2021, accounting for 15.5% of all cancers.The report said that from mid-March 2020, Covid-19 had a huge impact on all aspects of cancer control.

After the initial disruptions in 2020, the following year saw higher numbers of cancer diagnoses, driven by a period of catching up along with long-term increases in the size of the older population, who are more at risk of the disease.

The figures showed slightly more cases amongst females than males, with 17,779 women diagnosed with the disease compared to 17,600 men.

more than 35,379 new cancer cases were detected in Scotland in 2021

The report said: "While welcome reductions in smoking prevalence have occurred in Scotland, there remains considerable potential to prevent cancers through further reductions in smoking, reducing overweight and obesity, improving diet and reducing alcohol consumption."

The data also showed 5,180 cases of breast cancer in 2021 - 14.6% of all cancers, with all but 37 cases occurring in females.

Meanwhile, there were 4,279 cases of bowel cancer and 4,265 cases of prostate cancer - with both these forms of the disease each making up 12.1% of all cancers diagnosed that year.

More than three quarters (77%) of those diagnosed with cancer in 2021 were over 60.

It is estimated that two in five (40%) people in Scotland will be diagnosed with some form of cancer in their life - though this includes some cancers that may have no detrimental impact on life expectancy, such as slow-growing prostate tumours.

A Scottish government spokesman said: "The earlier cancer is diagnosed, the easier it is to treat. This is why we continue to invest in our Detect Cancer Earlier (DCE) Programme, which adopts a whole systems approach to diagnosing and treating cancer as early as possible.

"Public awareness campaigns and messaging have run throughout the pandemic to encourage those with possible cancer symptoms to seek help.

He added a new public awareness campaign, Be the Early Bird, was launched earlier this month.

The spokesman said: "This campaign has targeted areas of deprivation to reduce the inequalities gap.

"We are also committed to ensuring equitable access to early diagnosis which is why we continue to invest in our Rapid Cancer Diagnostic Services across Scotland, with three live and a further two coming on stream in the next few weeks."

Different areas of the church were targeted

A historic 17th Century church in South Ayrshire has been defaced with "mindless" vandalism.

The Auld Kirk of Ayr was targeted on Thursday night with explicit graffiti spray-painted on the windows, door and gravestones.

The Church of Scotland site dates back to 1654 and Scotland's national bard Robert Burns worshipped there for 17 years.

Police said the damage amounted to thousands of pounds.

Reverend David Gemmell said South Ayrshire Council had cleaned the worst of the graffiti off before the church service takes place on Sunday.

"It's just mindless vandalism," he said. "I've been here for 25 years and this is the first and hopefully last time something like this has happened.

"It's very disappointing. The church is there to serve the community and it has been for 367 years.

"What have we ever done to anybody to deserve this?"

He said the graffiti on the church door was painted over and the security perspex screen on the windows would need to be replaced.

Police officers are carrying out inquiries to find those responsible for the damage.

Ch Insp Kevin Lammie said: "This vandalism was obviously a deliberate act.

"The damage to this sacred building and these historic statues runs into thousands of pounds, not to mention the upset this will cause to the Ayr community."

He urged anyone who may have been in the area around 17:00 on Thursday to get in touch.

In particular police hope to speak to those who may have dash-cam footage or private CCTV.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The US has supplied Israel's air force with F-35s, the most advanced fighter jets ever made

Western governments are coming under growing pressure to halt arms sales to Israel over how it is waging the war against Hamas in the Gaza Strip.

Israel is a major weapons exporter, but its military has been heavily reliant on imported aircraft, guided bombs and missiles to conduct what experts have described as one of the most intense and destructive aerial campaigns in recent history.

Campaign groups and some politicians among Israel's Western allies say arms exports should be suspended because, they say, Israel is failing to do enough to protect the lives of civilians and ensure enough humanitarian aid reaches them.

On Friday, the UN Human Rights Council backed a weapons ban, with 28 countries voting in favour, six against and 13 abstentions. The US and Germany - which account for the vast majority of Israel's arms imports - both voted against. Germany said it did so because the resolution did not explicitly condemn Hamas.

The war was triggered by Hamas's attack on Israel on 7 October, which killed about 1,200 people, mainly civilians, according Israeli tallies. More than 33,000 people have been killed in Gaza, 70% of them children and women, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

Israel insists that its forces are working to avoid civilian casualties, accuses Hamas of deliberately putting civilians in the line of fire and has said there are no limits on aid deliveries.

The US is by far the biggest supplier of arms to Israel, having helped it build one of the most technologically sophisticated militaries in the world.

According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), the US accounted for 69% of Israel's arms imports between 2019 and 2023.

The US provides Israel with $3.8bn (£3bn) in annual military aid under a 10-year agreement that is intended to allow its ally to maintain what it calls a "qualitative military edge" over neighbouring countries.

Israel has used the grants to finance orders of F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, a stealth aircraft considered the most advanced ever made. It has so far ordered 75 and taken delivery of more than 30 of the aircraft. It was the first country other than the US to receive an F-35 and the first to use one in combat.

Part of the aid - $500m annually - is set aside to fund missile defence programmes, including the jointly developed Iron Dome, Arrow and David's Sling systems. Israel has relied on them during the war to defend itself against rocket, missile and drone attacks by Palestinian armed groups in Gaza, as well as other Iran-backed armed groups based in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq.

In the days after Hamas's 7 October attack, President Joe Biden said the US was "surging additional military assistance" to Israel.

Since the start of the war, only two US military sales to Israel have been made public after receiving emergency approval - one for 14,000 rounds of tank ammunition worth $106m and the other for $147m of components to make 155mm artillery shells.

But US media report that President Joe Biden's administration has also quietly made more than 100 military sales to Israel, most falling below the dollar amount that would require Congress to be formally notified. They are said to include thousands of precision-guided munitions, small-diameter bombs, bunker busters and small arms.

Israel's Iron Dome batteries help protect cities and towns from rocket and missile fire

However, SIPRI's report says that despite the deliveries, the total volume of Israeli arms imports from the US in 2023 was almost the same as in 2022.

One deal that is large enough to require Congressional notification is the $18bn sale of up to 50 F-15 fighter jets, news about which emerged this week. Congress has not yet approved the deal.

Even though the aircraft would need to be built from scratch and would not be delivered immediately, the sale is expected to be hotly debated by Mr Biden's Democratic Party, many of whose representatives in Congress and supporters are increasingly concerned by Israel's actions in Gaza.

Senator Elizabeth Warren has said she is prepared to block the deal and has accused Israel of "indiscriminate bombing" in Gaza.

Germany is the next biggest arms exporter to Israel, accounting for 30% of imports between 2019 and 2023, according to SIPRI.

As of early November, the European nation's weapons sales to Israel last year were worth €300m ($326m; $257m) - a 10-fold increase compared with 2022 - with the majority of those export licences granted after the 7 October attacks.

Components for air defence systems and communications equipment accounted for most of the sales, according to the DPA news agency.

Chancellor Olaf Scholz has been a staunch supporter of Israel's right to self-defence throughout the war and, although his tone on Israeli actions in Gaza has shifted in recent weeks and there has been some debate in Germany, the arms sales do not appear to be at risk of suspension.

Israel rejects accusations that it is failing to do enough to protect civilians in Gaza and instead blames Hamas

Italy is the third-biggest arms exporter to Israel, but it accounted for only 0.9% of Israeli imports between 2019 and 2023. They have reportedly included helicopters and naval artillery.

The sales amounted to €13.7m ($14.8m; £11.7m) last year, according to national statistics bureau ISTAT.

Some €2.1m of exports were approved between October and December, despite the government's assurances that it was blocking them under a law which bans weapons sales to countries that are waging war or are deemed to be violating human rights.

Defence Minister Guido Crosetto told parliament last month that Italy had honoured existing contracts after checking them on a case-by-case basis and ensuring "they did not concern materials that could be used against civilians".

The UK's arms exports to Israel are "relatively small", according to the UK government, amounting to only £42m ($53m) in 2022.

The Campaign Against Arms Trade (CAAT) says that since 2008, the UK has granted arms export licences to Israel worth £574m ($727m) in total.

Much of those are for components used in US-made warplanes that end up in Israel. But the British government is coming under growing pressure to suspend even those exports.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said the UK has a "very careful export licensing regime" and said Israel must "act in accordance with international humanitarian law". The UK government is also preparing an assessment that will advise on the risk of Israel breaching international law in its actions from early 2024.

But a senior government source told the BBC that an arms embargo on Israel was "not going to happen".

The government of Canada, whose arms sales to Israel were worth 21.3m Canadian dollars ($15.7m; £12.4m) in 2022, said in January that it had suspended approving new exit permits for weapons until it could ensure they were being used in accordance with Canadian law. However, pre-existing permits remained valid.

Israel's Elbit Systems developed the Hermes 450 unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) being used in Gaza

Israel has also built up its own defence industry with US help and now ranks as the ninth-largest arms exporter in the world, with a focus on advanced technological products rather than large-scale hardware.

It held a 2.3% share of global sales between 2019 and 2023, according to SIPRI, with India (37%), the Philippines (12%) and the US (8.7%) the three main recipients. The sales were worth $12.5bn (£9.9bn) in 2022, according to the Israeli defence ministry.

Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) made up 25% of those exports, followed by missiles, rockets and air defence systems (19%) and radar and electronic warfare systems (13%), the ministry said.

In September, just before the war began, Germany agreed a $3.5bn deal with Israel to buy the sophisticated Arrow 3 missile defence system, which intercepts long-range ballistic missiles. The deal - Israel's largest-ever - had to be approved by the US because it jointly developed the system.

The US has reportedly allowed Israel to draw artillery shells from its reserve stockpile there

Israel is also home to a vast US arms depot set up in 1984 to pre-position supplies for its troops in case of a regional conflict, as well as to give Israel quick access to weapons in emergencies.

The Pentagon shipped about 300,000 155mm artillery shells from the War Reserve Stockpile Ammunition-Israel to Ukraine following the Russian invasion.

Stockpiled munitions at the depot have also reportedly been supplied to Israel since the start of the Gaza war.

Last updated on .From the section Irish

It was special night with two special goals and Andy Ryan sent the home fans into raptures by curling into the top corner to give Larne a first-half lead.

Fallon levelled on 69 minutes with a bending 15-yard strike which also nestled in the top corner.

The Blues are six points clear in second as they chase a European place.

A win would have sealed second place and European qualification for Linfield and that will be confirmed if Glentoran fail to beat Coleraine on Saturday.

But it was Larne's night - the title was clinched last week at Seaview but they were at home in front of a packed Inver Park with the presentation of the Gibson Cup after the game.

Fuad Sule, Micheal Glynn, Lee Bonis and Ryan sent early efforts off-target as the hosts made a bright start.

Bonis saw a shot saved by Chris Johns before the Blues threatened with Joel Cooper arrowing across goal and just wide.

The opener came on 39 minutes and it was a memorable goal as Ryan moved in from the right before curling the ball over Johns and into the net from 25 yards.

Cooper squandered a good chance to level before the break when the winger drilled a low shot straight at keeper Rohan Ferguson.

Bonis came so close to giving Larne the perfect start to the second half as the striker's header from a Glynn free-kick crashed against the crossbar.

Fallon equalised on 57 minutes with the midfielder moving through unchallenged before unleashing an unstoppable long-range shot beyond Ferguson.

Larne almost regained the lead when Kyle McClean cleared off the line from a Millar header.

At the other end Sam Roscoe headed wide from a Niall Quinn corner while former Larne captain Jeff Hughes, who retired earlier this year because of injury, came on for the hosts in the dying seconds in an emotional final appearance for his hometown club.

Victor Lee died from stab wounds, the Met Police said

Three teenagers have been charged with the murder of 17-year-old Victor Lee, who was found dead in a canal in north-west London last Sunday.

Victor's body was pulled from the Grand Union Canal after police were called to reports of a stabbing. He was declared dead at the scene.

Three boys, aged 14, 15 and 17, were charged with murder and robbery on Saturday.

They are set to appear at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court on Monday.

A post-mortem examination on Wednesday concluded that the 17-year-old from Ealing died from stab injuries.

Police are continuing to appeal to the public for information and witnesses, earlier asking for dashcam footage of anyone driving near Scrubs Lane between 17:15 and 18:15 on Sunday.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Belarusian Victoria Azarenka says "it wasn't fair" she was booed off court by Wimbledon fans after losing a thriller to Ukraine's Elina Svitolina.

Svitolina has not shaken hands with Russians or Belarusians after matches since the war in Ukraine started.

She has made her position clear many times but, after not meeting Azarenka at the net, it was the Belarusian who was jeered as she left Court One.

"What should I have done? Stayed and waited?" Azarenka asked reporters.

"She doesn't want to shake hands with Russian, Belarusian people. I respected her decision."

In front of a Wimbledon crowd giving her thunderous vocal support, wildcard Svitolina won a superb match 2-6 6-4 7-6 (11-9) to reach the quarter-finals.

After Svitolina took her first match point with an ace, Azarenka gave a respectful wave of her hand at the Ukrainian who did not respond.

Hearing the jeers as she walked off Court One, 33-year-old Azarenka paused as if to ask why and made a gesture to the spectators before disappearing.

Svitolina, 28, said she "could not really answer" if she was surprised at the hostile reaction of the British crowd to Azarenka.

Last month at the French Open, Svitolina was booed when she walked off court after not shaking hands with Belarusian Aryna Sabalenka following a quarter-final defeat.

"I feel like each player that loses, and there is no handshake, is getting booed," said Svitolina, who only returned to playing three months ago after giving birth to daughter Skai in October.

"I think the tennis organisations have to come out with a statement that there will be no handshake between Russian/Belarusian and Ukrainian players.

"I don't know if it's maybe unclear for people.

"I already said multiple times that until Russian troops are out of Ukraine and we take back our territories, I'm not going to shake hands.

"I have clear statement. I don't know how more clear I can be."

The reaction to Azarenka was a remarkable end to a gripping contest and the former world number one hoped people would instead focus on the quality of the pair's tennis.

"I thought it was a great match. If people are going to be focusing only on handshakes or crowd, quite drunk crowd, booing in the end, that's a shame," she added.

"It was a tennis match. Nobody's changing lives here. We are playing tennis. We're doing our jobs. That's it."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Aaron Hewson was described by the judge as a 'Jack the lad' when he was sentenced in April

A part-time judge who described a convicted sex offender as "Jack the lad" during sentencing has been criticised by a Court of Appeal judge.

Recorder John Hardy used the phrase when sentencing Aaron Hewson, 33, for three sexual assaults at Norwich Crown Court in April.

Lady Justice Macur, who oversaw an appeal hearing on Thursday, said she "deplored" Recorder Hardy's indication.

Hewson's sentence was increased after being considered unduly lenient.

The Rape Crisis charity said "language really matters" when talking about sexual assault.

Hewson, from Cromer, Norfolk, had been jailed of three years and 11 months in April after a trial.

Three appeal judges - Lady Justice Macur, Mrs Justice Cockerill and Mr Justice Murray - increased that term to seven years at the Court of Appeal after concluding that the original sentence was unduly lenient.

They upheld an appeal by Solicitor General Michael Tomlinson.

Charles Burton, who represented Hewson, had argued that the sentence was not unduly lenient and should not be increased.

Appeal judges heard that Hewson had convictions for violence and, when a juvenile, had been convicted of sex offences.

He had also admitted possessing an "extreme" pornographic image.

Lady Justice Macur said appeal judges had concluded that there had been "significant flaws" in Recorder Hardy's approach to sentencing.

She said he had indicated when passing sentence that evidence suggested Hewson was a "Jack the lad character".

"We deplore the judge's description as indicating that the defendant was 'Jack the lad'," she said.

Jayne Butler, chief executive at Rape Crisis, said: "Words or phrases that normalise abusive behaviour or downplay its severity are not only damaging for victims and survivors but for society as a whole.

"They play into what we call 'rape culture', where sexual assault is minimised, accepted or laughed off.

"It's crucial that sexual assault, and all forms of sexual violence and abuse, are spoken about in a way that acknowledges its immense impact on victims and survivors."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook and Instagram. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or get in touch via WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Adam Delimkhanov led Chechen forces during the invasion of Ukraine last year

A senior Chechen commander and member of Russia's parliament has been reported wounded in Ukraine, although colleagues have been quick to say he is alive and well.

Adam Delimkhanov is a close ally of notorious Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, who initially described him as "incommunicado".

He appealed to Ukrainian intelligence to help "find my dear brother".

Chechen paramilitaries have joined Russian forces in the war in Ukraine.

The missing MP had commanded Chechen forces in 2022, as Russia fought for months to seize the Ukrainian port of Mariupol.

Earlier this week, the missing MP said he had met the head of Russia's Belgorod border region and promised to help protect the area from attack. Belgorod has been targeted in recent weeks by a series of cross-border raids from Ukraine.

His whereabouts on Wednesday, however, were a mystery.

Russia's official military TV channel Zvezda reported that he was "alive but wounded", citing information from the lower house of the Russian parliament.

Zvezda said the report rebuffed some social media reports that he had been killed. Ukrainian sources have referred to an unconfirmed attack on the Chechen Akhmat paramilitary in the coastal city of Prymorsk, a long way from the front line in the southern Zaporizhzhia region.

Ramzan Kadyrov then offered a big reward for help in finding his "dear brother", even going so far as to call for help from Ukrainian intelligence.

However, Russian officials have since sought to quell reports of such a high-ranking commander being wounded.

Fellow MP Dmitry Kuznetsov quoted Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin as saying that he had just talked to Adam Delimkhanov and that he was "alive and well".

Hours later, the Chechen leader backtracked on his earlier comments, claiming that his close ally was "not even wounded" and accusing Ukrainians of lying.

"I knew this from the very beginning of the injection of fake news, but I decided to show everyone, primarily Ukrainians, to what degree their media have sunk," he said.

He published a video along with his comments that showed the two men with several aides in front of map, but BBC Verify has found a number of inconsistencies in the clip that indicate it may have been manipulated.

Some of the audio of the Chechen leader was out of sync with his lip movements and some military analysts have suggested the map dates back to last year.

Delimkhanov put out a message debunking rumours surrounding his health to his half-a-million followers on social media, and then on Thursday he reposted the Chechen leader's video.

Nevertheless, the MP's reported injuries did prompt Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov to say it was following events with great concern and awaiting clarification of what had happened.

The Kremlin has so far refrained from commenting on the fate of another leading military figure, Maj Gen Sergei Goryachev, who was reportedly killed in a missile strike on Monday.

The incident was widely reported in Russian media, citing popular military blogger Yuri Kotenok, but with no official confirmation.

Russian-installed official Vladimir Rogov appeared to validate the report by offering his condolences to the general's family and friends.

A number of Russian generals have been killed since the start of the full-scale invasion, but if confirmed, Goryachev is thought to be the first such fatality for a year.

An Italian tourist has been killed and seven other people injured in a suspected car-ramming attack near a beach in Tel Aviv, Israeli medics say.

Italy's foreign minister said Israel had identified the man killed as Italian citizen Alessandro Parini, 36.

A doctor told Israeli television the wounded included three British nationals and one other Italian.

Footage from the scene showed an overturned car near a promenade and an Israeli police officer opening fire.

Local police said the suspected attacker was shot dead by officers.

Police have named him as Yousef Abu Jaber from Kafr Qasim, an Israeli-Arab city.

The attack came after two British-Israeli sisters were killed and their mother injured in a shooting in the occupied West Bank earlier on Friday.

Police in Tel Aviv said at 21:25 local time (19:25 BST) a 45-year-old man drove a Kia car along the city's beachside boardwalk, hitting several pedestrians before overturning on the lawn of the Charles Clore Garden.

They said a police officer at a nearby petrol station heard the commotion and, after running to the scene, saw the driver of the car "trying to reach for what looked like a rifle-like object that was with him" and then "neutralised him".

The Israeli ambulance service said that, aside from the alleged perpetrator, there were a total of eight casualties from the attack and that all were tourists.

Of those wounded, three suffered moderate injuries and four sustained only light injuries, it said.

Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni expressed her "deep sorrow" at Mr Parini's death and described the attack as "cowardly".

The UK Minister for the Middle East and North Africa Lord Ahmad condemned the attacks and confirmed British nationals were injured in the car-ramming incident in Tel Aviv.

Following the attack, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mobilised police and army reservists as part of efforts to counter terrorism.

Mr Netanyahu has also visited the site of the shooting in the West Bank.

The attacks in the West Bank took place hours after the Israeli military carried out air strikes on targets belonging to the Palestinian militant group Hamas in southern Lebanon and the Gaza Strip.

The military said the strikes were a response to a barrage of 34 rockets fired from Lebanon into northern Israel on Thursday, which it blamed on the group.

Tensions are running high following two nights of Israeli police raids at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque - Islam's third holiest site - earlier this week.

The raids triggered violent confrontations with Palestinians inside the mosque and caused anger across the region.

The rockets fired from Lebanon formed the largest such barrage in 17 years.

Hamas did not confirm it had fired the rockets, but leader Ismail Haniyeh, who was visiting Lebanese capital Beirut at the time, said Palestinians would not "sit with their arms crossed" in the face of Israeli aggression.

The White House said the King and President Biden share common values on issues such as climate change

US President Joe Biden has accepted an invitation from King Charles to go to the UK on a state visit.

The King invited the US president during a recent telephone call.

The White House said Mr Biden had a "friendly conversation" with the monarch where they also discussed his mother, the late Queen Elizabeth II.

During the call, President Biden confirmed he would not be attending the coronation, but First Lady Jill Biden would represent the US at the event.

King Charles' coronation will take place at Westminster Abbey in London on 6 May.

In addition to the Royal Family, those attending the coronation will include the prime minister, representatives from the Houses of Parliament, heads of state, and other royals from around the world.

White House spokesperson Karine Jean-Pierre said the president was "appreciative" of the offer from King Charles and "looks forward" to the visit.

"During that call the King offered for him [Biden] to come and do a state visit which the president accepted", Ms Jean-Pierre told reporters.

"So they will see each other again very soon."

She said the King and President Biden "have a good relationship" and share common values on issues such as climate change.

During the call on Tuesday, which lasted between 25 and 30 minutes, Ms Jean-Pierre said the president discussed how he enjoyed meeting the late Queen at Windsor in 2021.

She said there was currently no timeframe for the visit, but it would be "in the near future".

Mr Biden visited the UK with his wife Jill last year for the Queen's funeral.

The Bidens attended the Queen's funeral at Westminster Abbey

The White House has also confirmed President Biden will begin a four-day trip to Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic in Belfast on 11 April.

This will mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

Swiss watchmaker Swatch says it has begun legal proceedings against the Malaysian government for seizing LGBTQ-themed watches from its stores.

The move comes after officials impounded 172 watches from its rainbow-coloured Pride collection, on sale at shopping malls across Malaysia.

Swatch wants damages and the return of the watches, worth $14,000 (£10,700).

Homosexual activity is illegal in Malaysia under both secular and religious laws.

It is punishable by a prison sentence or corporal punishment.

Swatch filed its lawsuit last month at the High Court in Kuala Lumpur. The case is expected to be heard later this week.

The Malaysian authorities said the watches were confiscated in May by the home affairs ministry's law enforcement unit because they featured "LGBT elements".

But Swatch said in its lawsuit that the watches were "not in any way capable of causing any disruption to public order or morality or any violations of the law".

The firm said its trading reputation had been damaged by the seizures, adding that its "business and trading figures also suffered in the immediate aftermath of the seizure for some time".

In its promotional campaign for the Pride-themed watches, Swatch describes them as "loud, proud, uplifting and bursting with meaning".

The firm refers to the Pride flag as "a symbol of humanity that speaks for all genders and all races".

In its lawsuit, Swatch said the watches "did not promote any sexual activity, but merely a fun and joyous expression of peace and love".

The lawsuit names the home affairs ministry and the government of Malaysia as respondents.

Home Affairs Minister Saifuddin Nasution Ismail has yet to comment publicly on the matter.

An open letter signed by more than 1,300 experts says AI is a "force for good, not a threat to humanity".

It was organised by BCS, the Chartered Institute for IT, to counter "AI doom".

Rashik Parmar, BCS chief executive, said it showed the UK tech community didn't believe the "nightmare scenario of evil robot overlords".

In March, tech leaders including Elon Musk, who recently launched an AI business, signed a letter calling for a pause in developing powerful systems.

That letter suggested super-intelligent AI posed an "existential risk" to humanity. This was a view echoed by film director Christopher Nolan, who told the BBC that AI leaders he spoke to saw the present time "as their Oppenheimer moment". J.Robert Oppenheimer played a key role in the development of the first atomic bomb, and is the subject of Mr Nolan's latest film.

But the BCS sees the situation in a more positive light, while still supporting the need for rules around AI.

Richard Carter is a signatory to the BCS letter. Mr Carter, who founded an AI-powered startup cybersecurity business, feels the dire warnings are unrealistic: "Frankly, this notion that AI is an existential threat to humanity is too far-fetched. We're just not in any kind of a position where that's even feasible".

Signatories to the BCS letter come from a range of backgrounds - business, academia, public bodies and think tanks, though none are as well known as Elon Musk, or run major AI companies like OpenAI.

Those the BBC has spoken to stress the positive uses of AI. Hema Purohit, who leads on digital health and social care for the BCS, said the technology was enabling new ways to spot serious illness, for example medical systems that detect signs of issues such as cardiac disease or diabetes when a patient goes for an eye test.

She said AI could also help accelerate the testing of new drugs.

Signatory Sarah Burnett, author of a book on AI and business, pointed to agricultural uses of the tech, from robots that use artificial intelligence to pollinate plants to those that "identify weeds and spray or zap them with lasers, rather than having whole crops sprayed with weed killer".

The letter argues: "The UK can help lead the way in setting professional and technical standards in AI roles, supported by a robust code of conduct, international collaboration and fully resourced regulation".

By doing so, it says Britain "can become a global byword for high-quality, ethical, inclusive AI".

In the autumn UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will host a global summit on AI regulation.

While the BCS may argue existential threats are sci-fi, some issues are just over the horizon or are already presenting problems.

It has been predicted that the equivalent of up to 300 million jobs could be automated, and some companies have already said they will pause hiring in some roles as a result of AI.

But Mr Carter thinks AI - rather than replacing humans - will boost their productivity. In his own work he says ChatGPT is useful, but he says he is wary of putting too much trust in it, comparing it to a "very knowledgeable and a very excitable, 12-year-old".

He argues companies will always need to have humans involved in the workplace, to take responsibility if things go wrong: "If you take the human completely out of the loop, how do you manage accountability for some sort of catastrophic event happening?"

He, like other signatories, believes regulation will be needed to avoid the misuse of AI.

Ms Purohit says a motive for signing was the need for rules to "make sure that we don't just run off and create lots and lots of things without paying attention to the testing and the governance, and the assurance that sits behind it".

Virgin Money will close 39 of its UK banks as fewer people use bricks and mortar branches and move to online banking, the firm said.

The news comes after several High Street banks including Lloyds and Halifax have shut branches.

The Unite union said "access to a bank and cash is a fundamental need" for local High Streets.

Virgin Money said the closures amount to a third of its banks and 255 workers will be at risk of redundancy.

Chief operating officer Sarah Wilkinson said the firm would "pursue all options" to retain as many staff as possible within alternative roles.

The banks that will close are: Belfast, Croydon, Harrow, Newton Stewart, Bournemouth, Derby, Hexham, Norwich, Brighton, Durham, Irvine, Oxford, Bristol, Ellon, Kendal, Reading, Bromley, Enfield, Kensington, Southampton, Cambridge, Exeter, Kingston, St Albans, Cardiff, Fort William, Liverpool, Swindon, Chelmsford, Golders Green, Lochgilphead, Turriff, Cheltenham, Gosforth Centre, London Haymarket, Wolverhampton, Chester, Guildford and Milton Keynes.

Last year, Lloyds Banking Group said it would close 66 branches between October 2022 and January 2023.

In a further announcement in January, the group said Halifax would close 18 sites, while Lloyds would shut another 22 between April and June.

But closures have led to cash shortages in some instances. When Lloyds Bank in Herefordshire closed traders were forced to travel miles with their takings.

"The number of customers using bank branches for day-to-day transactions has been on a downward trajectory for a number of years," Virgin Money said. It added that the branches closing had seen a reduction of 43% in customer transaction volumes.

Some 96% of customers use the branches less than once a month, it added.

"Each store closing is less than half a mile from the nearest Post Office, which customers can use to carry out day‐to-day transactions," Virgin Money said.

In May, Age UK said older or vulnerable people could struggle with online banking and called for more "banking hubs", which are spaces shared by several High Street lenders, meant to help communities that have seen all their bank branches close.

Virgin Money said that after the closures it would have a network of 91 stores across the UK.

A mysterious flash which lit up skies over Ukraine's capital on Wednesday night generated much speculation.

Officials in Kyiv initially suspected it was a Nasa satellite falling to Earth but the US space agency told the BBC it was still in orbit.

Ukrainian space officials said later the flash had probably come from a meteorite entering the atmosphere.

In March last year a video appeared to show President Volodymyr Zelensky telling the people of Ukraine to lay down their arms and surrender to Russia.

It was a pretty obvious deepfake - a type of fake video that uses artificial intelligence to swap faces or create a digital version of someone.

But as AI developments make deepfakes easier to produce, detecting them quickly has become all the more important.

Intel believes it has a solution, and it is all about blood in your face.

The company has named the system "FakeCatcher".

In Intel's plush, and mostly empty, offices in Silicon Valley we meet Ilke Demir, research scientist at Intel Labs, who explains how it works.

"We ask what is real about authentic videos? What is real about us? What is the watermark of being human?" she says.

Central to the system is a technique called Photoplethysmography (PPG), which detects changes in blood flow.

Faces created by deepfakes don't give out these signals, she says.

The system also analyses eye movement to check for authenticity.

"So normally, when humans look at a point, when I look at you, it's as if I'm shooting rays from my eyes, to you. But for deepfakes, it's like googly eyes, they are divergent," she says.

By looking at both these traits, Intel believes it can work out the difference between a real video and a fake within seconds.

The company claims FakeCatcher is 96% accurate. So we asked to try out the system. Intel agreed.

We used a dozen or so clips of former US President Donald Trump and President Joe Biden.

Some were real, some were deepfakes created by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The BBC's James Clayton puts a deepfake video detector to the test

In terms of finding the deepfakes, the system appeared to be pretty good.

We mostly chose lip-synced fakes - real videos where the mouth and voice had been altered.

And it got every answer right, bar one.

However when we got onto real, authentic videos it started to have a problem.

Several times the system said a video was fake, when it was in fact real.

The more pixelated a video, the harder it is to pick up blood flow.

The system also does not analyse audio. So some videos that seemed fairly obviously real by listening to the voice were allocated as fake.

The worry is that if the program says a video is fake, when it's genuine, it could cause real problems.

When we make this point to Ms Demir, she says that "verifying something as fake, versus 'be careful, this may be fake' is weighted differently".

She is saying the system is being overly cautious. Better to catch all the fakes - and catch some real videos too - than miss fakes.

Deepfakes can be incredibly subtle: a two second clip in a political campaign advert, for example. They can also be of low quality. A fake can be made by only changing the voice.

In this respect, the ability for FaceCatcher to work "in the wild" - in real world contexts - has been questioned.

Matt Groh is an assistant professor at Northwestern University in Illinois, and a deepfakes expert.

"I don't doubt the stats that they listed in their initial evaluation," he says. "But what I do doubt is whether the stats are relevant to real world contexts."

This is where it gets difficult to evaluate FakeCatcher's tech.

Programmes like facial-recognition systems will often give extremely generous statistics for their accuracy.

However, when actually tested in the real world they can be less accurate.

Earlier this year the BBC tested Clearview AI's facial recognition system, using our own pictures. Although the power of the tech was impressive, it was also clear that the more pixelated the picture, and the more side-on the the face in the photo was, the harder it was for the programme to successfully identify someone.

In essence, the accuracy is entirely dependent on the difficulty of the test.

Intel claims that FakeCatcher has gone through rigorous testing. This includes a "wild" test - in which the company has put together 140 fake videos - and their real counterparts.

In this test the system had a success rate of 91%, Intel says.

However, Matt Groh and other researchers want to see the system independently analysed. They do not think it's good enough that Intel is setting a test for itself.

"I would love to evaluate these systems," Mr Groh says.

"I think it's really important when we're designing audits and trying to understand how accurate something is in a real world context," he says.

It is surprising how difficult it can be tell a fake and a real video apart - and this technology certainly has potential.

But from our limited tests, it has a way to go yet.

Watch the full report on this week's episode of Click

HMS Glasgow was floated on the Clyde for the first time in December

An inquiry has been launched into "intentional damage" of a Royal Navy warship at a Scottish shipyard.

Defence contractor BAE Systems said repairs were being assessed after about 60 cables were cut on HMS Glasgow.

The Type 26 frigate is currently being fitted out at BAE's yard at Scotstoun on the River Clyde in Glasgow.

It is the first of eight Type 26 vessels being built. A BAE spokesperson said work had been temporarily paused for an investigation.

The military news website UK Defence Journal, which reported the incident, suggested that it may have been sabotage by a contractor in a payment dispute.

But BAE Systems did not confirm any motive for the damage.

A spokesperson said: "We uncovered a limited number of cables on HMS Glasgow earlier in the week, which appear to have been damaged intentionally.

"We immediately launched an internal investigation, alongside our suppliers, and temporarily paused work on the ship to inspect every area of the vessel and ensure our high standards and quality controls are met."

The firm said work had now resumed and an assessment was in progress "to scope the repairs needed".

A total of eight Type 26 frigates are to be built in Glasgow by BAE Systems

It is understood that about 23,000 cables will be installed on the frigate - including data cables for communication and electrical cables to power the ship's systems.

The incident comes after HMS Glasgow made its first trip in December.

The frigate was moved down the River Clyde on a specialist barge and lowered into Loch Long.

It was then towed back to the yard at Scotstoun for fitting out.

The next two Type 26 ships, HMS Cardiff and the HMS Belfast, are already under construction by BAE Systems on the Clyde.

In November, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced BAE Systems has been awarded a £4.2bn contract to build five more Type 26 frigates, on top of the three already under construction.

In total, Scottish shipyards have orders to build 13 Royal Navy frigates.

Eight Type 26s are being constructed by BAE Systems on the Clyde, while five Type 31 vessels are being built by Babcock at Rosyth in Fife.

Iain Hughes had been attempting a solo swim of the English Channel

A firefighter has gone missing while on a charity swim across the English Channel, it has been confirmed.

Iain Hughes, from Dudley, started the solo challenge with a support boat on Tuesday from Dover before disappearing.

Mr Hughes, 42, remains missing despite a search involving military helicopters and navy and police boats.

Based at Wednesbury fire station, he posted on social media two weeks ago that the swim had been delayed because of bad weather.

In a statement, West Midlands Fire Service said: "We are heartbroken to confirm that one of our crew managers, Iain Hughes, is missing after his inspiring attempt to swim the English Channel for charity."

Mr Hughes, a married father-of-two who has been with the fire service since the age of 19, currently works in its technical rescue unit.

"In spite of search efforts involving French and Belgian military helicopters, plus navy and police patrol boats, Iain's whereabouts remain unknown," the fire service statement continued.

"We are giving Iain's family all the support we can at this distressing time," he said.

The Channel crossing is 21 miles (34km) and can take swimmers anywhere between seven and 27 hours to complete.

Mr Hughes has been aiming to raise £21,000 for the British Heart Foundation, Midlands Air Ambulance and Fire Fighters' Charity.

The Gris-Nez operational surveillance and rescue centre (CROSS) was informed a swimmer had disappeared on Tuesday, off the Cap Gris-Nez.

It sent helicopters from the French and Belgian navies, as well as a French Navy patrol boat, to join the search.

The RNLI confirmed it had not been called on to assist.

On Wednesday, the Channel Swimming and Piloting Federation (CS&PF), which monitors swimmers in the channel, announced with "deep regret" Mr Hughes could not be found after a sea search.

The Channel Swimming Association said the swimmer was not involved with the organisation and it was therefore unable to comment, but said its "thoughts and prayers" were with the swimmer and his family.

The BBC has contacted HM Coastguard and Kent Police for comment.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

One of the busiest roads in Johannesburg has been severely damaged after a suspected explosion from an underground gas pipeline.

Videos show sections of the road have collapsed and cars have turned upside down.

One person was killed and dozens were injured.

Some eyewitnesses reported feeling the ground shake then hearing a loud bang at the time of the blast.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Newcastle secured Champions League football for the first time in 20 years with a goalless draw against relegation-threatened Leicester, whose fate is now out of their hands.

Eddie Howe's side failed to break the deadlock in a match they dominated, striking the post three times, but the result was sufficient for the Magpies to make a long-awaited return to Europe's elite competition next season.

Newcastle are four points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool heading into Sunday's final day of the season, while Leicester remain in the relegation zone, two points adrift of safety.

The hosts had 78% possession during the contest and initially found it difficult to make inroads, but Callum Wilson hooked an effort against the post and saw his follow-up effort headed off the line by Wilfred Ndidi.

Three minutes before half-time the hosts rattled the post again through Miguel Almiron, while in the second half visiting goalkeeper Daniel Iversen acrobatically tipped over Alexander Isak's effort from distance.

Bruno Guimaraes also hit the woodwork with a header from almost on the goalline in the second period, but Leicester almost won it in injury time when Nick Pope kept out Timothy Castagne's acrobatic effort.

Foxes boss Dean Smith started England internationals James Maddison and Harvey Barnes on the bench but neither was able to inject any impetus into their dull performance after coming on.
• None Can you name Newcastle's last Champions League side in our quiz?

It was the 2002-03 season, under the guidance of legendary manager Sir Bobby Robson, when Newcastle last played in Europe's elite club competition.

Howe's men will be back in the big time following a tremendous first full season in charge in which the ex-Bournemouth boss has upset the established order with a place in the top four, as well as taking them to the Carabao Cup final.

It has been a remarkable turnaround since Howe took charge 18 months ago, one month after the Saudi Arabian-backed £305m takeover of Newcastle and with the club five points from safety at the foot of the Premier League.

A tremendous atmosphere was generated by the home fans before kick-off, waving their flags and unfurling a huge banner of Howe and the team, and although they were unable to break the deadlock, they left the stadium singing about Champions League football.

Wilson, who had scored 11 goals in his past 10 games before this encounter, came inches from adding to his tally, while Almiron and Guimaraes also came mightily close.

The Brazil midfielder, though, was lucky to still be on the pitch after receiving only a yellow card for a studs-high challenge on the knee of Leicester midfielder Boubakary Soumare.

Newcastle will aim to complete a successful season on a high on Sunday, travelling to face Chelsea hoping to secure third position.

Leicester host West Ham on the last day hoping the Hammers have taken their eye off the ball with their top-flight place secure and a Europa Conference League final to look forward to.

But they go into that game knowing even a win might not be enough as 17th placed Everton can guarantee their Premier League status with victory over Bournemouth at Goodison Park.

The result at Newcastle extended Leicester's run to just one win in their past 15 games, earning just seven points during that run, and they are favourites to join Southampton in the second tier.

Supporters will be left wondering how the match may have panned out had key players Maddison and Barnes been given starts instead of being left on the bench.

Castagne's acrobatic effort in the 92nd minute almost secured a shock victory, but their defence did at least manage to keep a first clean sheet in the league since November.
• None Attempt saved. Timothy Castagne (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by James Maddison with a cross.
• None James Maddison (Leicester City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Substitution, Leicester City. Nampalys Mendy replaces Wilfred Ndidi because of an injury.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City).
• None Attempt missed. Miguel Almirón (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

Jack Johnson, brothers Finlay and Samuel Butler and their cousin Thomas Stewart died after falling into the icy lake

Four boys died in an accident on a frozen lake after going to feed ducks, a coroner has concluded.

Finlay Butler, eight, and his younger brother Samuel, six, died, as did their cousin Thomas Stewart, 11, and another boy, Jack Johnson, 10.

They went into the water at Babbs Mill Park, near Solihull, on 11 December.

Police formed a human chain to try to rescue them, with one officer attempting to punch through the ice to reach the boys.

In her summary, senior coroner Louise Hunt said she was satisfied "emergency services did their utmost", that "treatment in hospital was good" and "everyone did all they could and should be commended for their actions".

Jack was at the lake with one group of children while the other three were in another group, the inquest heard.

Jack then decided to go on to the ice and Thomas, Finlay and Samuel followed, Det Insp Jim Edmonds, from West Midlands Police, said.

Finlay fell in first and then Thomas and Jack as they tried to help. No-one saw Samuel fall in.

After they fell in, witnesses said they had seen the boys in the water shouting for help, but they could not get out and a short time later the boys went under the surface.

Vigils were held and flowers laid after the deaths of the boys

Det Insp Edmonds said his officers had been at the lake 11 minutes after the first 999 call had been received at about 14:35 GMT.

They ignored safety advice, took off their body armour and waded in to try to reach the area where they believed the boys had fallen in.

They used their fists and batons to break through the ice, but Det Insp Edmonds said the water had been too deep to get to them.

At the start of the inquest, Ms Hunt read out short descriptions of the boys, written by their families.

Jack was described as "a loving caring boy" who enjoyed being outside and loved animals.

Tom's family said he "always had a smile on his face" and loved going out on his bike and meeting new friends at the park.

Finlay was said to have "adored the outdoors, regardless of the weather" and enjoyed the park.

His family also said he loved Pokemon cards and would often give them away to friends who did not have them.

Samuel was described as "the most independent six-year-old you've ever met" who had a passion for Ironman, dogs and fire engines.

Memorial plaques have been left near the lake

Det Insp Edmonds said the air temperature at the lake at the time had been 5C (41F) and the water temperature had been even lower, which had affected the ability of the officers to function.

There had been a big risk to the rescuers themselves, Jason Wiles, from West Midlands Ambulance Service, said.

Paramedics had shouted to the rescuers to get out and one of the police officers had been in the water up to his neck, he added.

Mr Wiles said the officer had probably only just got out of the water in time.

A tribute to the boys is in place at the park

The last child, Finlay, was recovered from the water by firefighters at 15:05 GMT, half an hour after the first 999 call.

Ms Hunt said: "Sadly the boys were under the water for between 22 and 32 minutes."

Det Insp Edmonds said he did not know why the ice had broken but it was a "terrible tragedy".

He did not believe his team could have done anything differently, he told the inquest.

The boys all received the best treatment possible on their way to hospital but brain damage would have occurred minutes after they were submerged, Mr Wiles said.

There were tears from the families of the boys as Dr Sarah Denniston, from Birmingham Heartlands Hospital, told the inquest efforts had been made to resuscitate the boys without success and drowning was the cause of death.

The air temperature on the day at the lake was 5C (41F) and the water temperature was even lower, the inquest heard

The temperature of the water in the lake would have caused the boys' bodies to go into shock, Alex Shapland, from West Midlands Fire Service, said.

He also said nothing more could have been done on the day by firefighters.

However, the fire service would review its prevention work and planned regular safety campaigns in summer and winter to focus on the dangers of the water, he added.

West Midlands Ambulance Service said the deaths have deeply affected many of its staff

After the inquest, area commander Alex Shapland said: "Within days of the boys' deaths, we and colleagues across the country were dismayed to see people still risking their lives on frozen water."

Mr Shapland said an incident like the one at Babbs Mill lake could not be allowed to happen again.

James Williams, from West Midlands Ambulance Service, said it had been an "incredible effort" by the emergency services to try to save the boys and a "tragedy" they had been unsuccessful.

He said it had "affected many of them deeply, knowing that those incredible efforts were just not quite enough".

Supt Rich Harris, from West Midlands Police, said after the inquest he was "incredibly proud of those officers who showed such bravery and put their own safety to one side to try and save the lives of Jack, Tom, Fin and Sam."

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Gearing up: Coaches and lorries queue at the Port of Dover ahead of the bank holiday weekend

The Port of Dover's boss has said it has done "everything we can" to prevent travel delays over the upcoming bank holiday and school half-term break.

Some coach passengers faced 15-hour delays to board ferries to France in the lead up to Easter.

But Port of Dover chief executive Doug Bannister said it has since taken steps to stop traffic getting snarled up in post-Brexit border checks.

Up to 5,500 cars and 350 coaches are expected at the port on Friday.

"So it is quite a busy day," Mr Bannister told the BBC.

Traffic control measures have already been put in place to manage the flow of lorries travelling to Dover on the M20.

The Kent Resilience Forum, which manages emergency planning for the county, said: "The passenger forecasts from both Eurotunnel and the Port of Dover indicate an extremely busy period for cross-Channel traffic over the bank holiday weekend at the end of May.

"This also coincides with schools in the UK breaking up for half-term."

This weekend will be a key test for the Port of Dover, which has been dogged by long tailbacks of vehicles during busy holiday periods.

Mr Bannister admits that in the past images of queues have put people off travelling through the port. "Certainly there was some trepidation in the market," he said. "But the volumes came back."

Most recently in late March and early April, ferries said they had received 15% more coach bookings than they expected while at the same time, bad weather disrupted sea travel, leading to severe delays.

Mr Bannister admits: "It wasn't a great experience, particularly for people that had saved up to travel abroad, or the school groups of kids going across maybe on their first trip, it was not good."

For Matt Barnes, director at Barnes Coaches, travelling through Dover in April was an endurance test for his drivers and passengers.

His company was operating four coaches over the Easter weekend. The first arrived on Friday, an hour-and-a-half before the ferry was supposed to set sail - and was still waiting 15 hours later.

Matt Barnes, director at Barnes Coaches, said no-one wants a repeat of the scenes over Easter

"By the time they actually got to a ferry, the port couldn't accept the coaches, they were sent away to a service station," he said.

"The service station hadn't been warned they were coming. There's hundreds and hundreds of people there. All the food outlets are closed, the toilets are overflowing, there's no provision for anybody. So the children were pretty much on the coaches for the 15 hours waiting to get on the ferry."

He added: "The scenes that start these holidays are dreadful. No-one wants to repeat that and people are scared of travelling by ferry into Europe."

However, Mr Barnes said he has had reassurances from the Port of Dover that it will be able to cope with the number of coaches.

"It is extremely important for us to pass on to our customers that they can trust this way of travelling into Europe," he said.

A key issue for the Port of Dover is the time it takes for travellers to pass through border checks following the UK's departure from the European Union.

It now takes up to a minute-and-a-half to get a car through the port's border checks, which are staffed by France's Police aux Frontières. For coaches, it can take up to 15 minutes compared to a "few minutes" in pre-Brexit times.

Mr Bannister said: "Right now, what has to happen is coach passengers need to disembark the coach, present themselves in front of Police aux Frontières to have their passports reviewed, any security questions that need to be asked are asked and [the passport] is stamped and [they] get back on the coach."

"There's no doubt that the additional checks are a factor in the queues," he said.

But he said that the port has taken a number of measures to speed things up since Easter.

It has reviewed all the traffic volumes to understand exactly what to expect.

He also said that the ferry operators have worked closely with coach companies to smooth the flow of traffic. This should ensure that coaches don't arrive at the port all at once.

"We created a new processing centre in the western part of the port to better sequence the traffic coming into the port and to the advanced passenger information checks," he said.

It also has a covered area where coaches will go for passenger passport checks.

"And then finally, what we've done is we've worked with all of our port partners, but specifically Police aux Frontières, to ensure that the resource levels are what we require, to make certain that we can maintain the flow rates. And they responded very well," he said.

The port could ask the ferries that operate out of Dover to limit the number of passengers they book onboard, and Mr Bannister said: "We've had a look at it."

But he said: "But to be fair, what I would rather do is make certain that collectively, we come together and try and service the demand of the coach industry as best as we possibly can."

Even with all this, however, Mr Bannister admits that "it would be foolish" to guarantee that there will never be queues at the Port of Dover.

"Because one of the things that we have found is that things happen, right," he said. "But what I can say is that we have put in place all the measures all the processes installed new facilities, in the best effort to make certain that those queues cannot happen again."

The council's leader Bridget Smith said it had helped address a reliance on expensive agency staff

The local government minister has formally requested a council ends its trial of a four-day week "immediately" over concerns about "value for money".

South Cambridgeshire District Council's trial was due to run until 2024, but in a letter, Lee Rowley said such an approach could breach its legal duties.

The Liberal Democrat-led council is the first in the UK to trial the system.

Defending the scheme, leader Bridget Smith said it had helped address a reliance on expensive agency staff.

She said an assessment showed that "performance was maintained" and added that she was "surprised" to receive the letter and wanted to meet "with ministers to discuss this matter".

The authority started the pilot in January for the 450 desk-based staff at its office in Cambourne.

It was recently extended until next March.

Mr Rowley said his department would "shortly be issuing clear guidance" about the working practice

Mr Rowley wrote to Ms Smith with a formal request for the council to "end your experiment immediately".

He said he had concerns about the impact of the trial on the needs of local taxpayers at a time when the council should be "cutting backlogs, answering queries and improving efficiency".

"I strongly believe in the ability of councils to innovate and find new ways to discharge their responsibilities," he said.

"Removing up to 20% of the capacity to do those activities is not something which should be acceptable for a council seeking to demonstrate value for money for its taxpayers and residents."

He said while some private sector organisations "may choose to experiment with their own capital and capacity regarding 'four-day working weeks', local government should not do the same".

He added that such an approach could breach the council's legal duties under the Local Government Act and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities would "shortly be issuing clear guidance".

About 450 staff at South Cambridgeshire District Council have been trialling a four-day week

In a statement, the council leader said she was "surprised to receive Mr Rowley's letter and we have written to him to request a meeting with ministers to discuss this matter".

"This is a trial, but we have already seen strong independently assessed evidence which showed that performance was maintained, and in some cases improved, in the first three months," she said.

"At the start of our trial, we were carrying a £2m annual agency bill.

"During the first three months of the trial, we filled four permanent posts that had previously been impossible to fill [and] this has reduced our annual bill by £300,000."

She added that as time had gone on, it had become "increasingly clear that recruitment has been positively affected, both in terms of the quality and number of applicants, and the consequent success in filling vacant posts".

Joe Ryle, director of the 4-Day Week campaign group, also criticised Mr Rowley's request.

He said the move "flies in the face of all the evidence, which shows the four-day week has been a huge success at the council".

"The four-day week with no loss of pay is already being rolled out across the private sector, so it's only fair the public sector are included too," he added.

"There is no good reason to end this trial, which is already bringing many benefits to council workers, local residents and saving the council money."

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830
• None Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Sitting in long grass is not recommended for hay-fever sufferers

More than 122,650 people visited the NHS website seeking hay-fever advice last week, as the pollen count hit some of its highest levels this year.

Weekly visitors to the site's hay-fever advice pages have tripled in the past five weeks, NHS England says, with one visit every three seconds on Sunday.

The allergy usually strikes from late March to September, when it is warm, windy and humid and pollen counts high.

There is no cure but over-the-counter medication can manage most symptoms.

People with asthma may also suffer worse symptoms than usual over the coming days. Thunderstorms are predicted for parts of the UK and water breaks down pollen granules into smaller particles that can lodge deeper into the airways in the lungs.

The pollen count is set to be high or very high across most of the UK this week - and the NHS website features recommendations on how to manage symptoms, including:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Duwayne Brooks "certain" he could have identified sixth murder suspect

Stephen Lawrence's friend has said he could have identified a sixth suspect in his friend's murder if he had been given the opportunity.

In an interview with the BBC, Duwayne Brooks said he would have picked out Matthew White, who died in 2021, in a line-up.

On Monday, White was named as the sixth suspect in the racist killing 30 years ago, following a BBC investigation.

Stephen, 18, was killed in Eltham, south-east London in April 1993.

Mr Brooks was waiting for a bus with Stephen at the time.

The failure of the first police investigation prompted a landmark public inquiry which concluded the Met was institutionally racist.

Asked whether pictures of White broadcast by the BBC investigation were of the same person he had described to police, Mr Brooks said: "100%. Not only did I describe him as best I could, you had other witnesses at the bus stop who also described him."

"I am 100% certain that if that person was put before me, and the other witnesses, in the initial stages of the investigations on an ID parade, we all would have picked him out."

In 1993, Mr Brooks and eyewitness described an attacker who bore a plain resemblance to Matthew White, but police did not treat White as a suspect for years.

The BBC investigation included statements and artists' impressions from the time.

Mr Brooks said it would now be "impossible" to remember what the attacker looked like from memory, but "there is no doubt in my mind, from what I described, from those drawings, what you can see from the other witnesses, that that is the person who was there. At the scene, on the night."

An artist's impression of the "fair-haired attacker", Matthew White and a police e-fit

He said the way his evidence was dealt with in 1993 involved "corruption" and "decisions made back then were a deliberate act of sabotage".

When approached for comment the Met said it would not be issuing a new statement.

Mr Brooks originally spoke to the Sunday Mirror, before being interviewed by the BBC.

The Met Police has consistently said there were six white men involved, as Mr Brooks said on the night.

Five prime suspects became widely known after the murder, but the public inquiry said there were "five or six" attackers.

David Norris and Gary Dobson were given life sentences for the murder in 2012. The other three - Luke Knight and brothers Neil and Jamie Acourt - have not been convicted of the crime.

White was arrested twice, in 2000 and 2013, and files were sent to the Crown Prosecution Service in 2005 and 2014. But on both occasions prosecutors said there was no realistic prospect of conviction.

In May and June 1993 Mr Brooks and eyewitnesses to the murder attended identity parades which included the prime suspects in the case, but Matthew White was not part of the parades.

In the same BBC interview, Mr Brooks said the criminal justice system doesn't work for victims "at this moment in time". He added that an apology from the Met would be a "tick-boxing exercise".

"The way I have been treated is a disgrace. My experience should never have happened."

Baroness Doreen Lawrence, Stephen Lawrence's mother, has also criticised the police handling of information about a sixth suspect in her son's murder, saying there should be "serious sanctions" against the police officers who failed to investigate White.

In response to the naming of Matthew White as a suspect, the Met Police confirmed he was seen again in 2020, but there was insufficient witness or forensic evidence to progress further.

Deputy Assistant Commissioner Matt Ward said: "Unfortunately, too many mistakes were made in the initial investigation and the impact of them continues to be seen.

"On the 30th anniversary of Stephen's murder, Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley apologised for our failings and I repeat that apology today."

A man has been found stabbed to death near Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.

He was found unresponsive at 05:51 BST in Northumberland Park in Haringey, north London, said the Met Police, which has launched a murder inquiry.

The man suffered a number of stab injuries and, despite receiving CPR, was pronounced dead at the scene.

Sunday evening's match between Tottenham Hotspur and Nottingham Forest will still take place, Spurs said in a statement.

"Following an incident in which an individual has lost their life, we are doing everything to accommodate the ongoing police investigation, which is of the utmost importance," the club said.

"We shall update supporters as and when we can, and ask for fans to be patient and allow extra travel time."

There have not been any arrests. Police believe they know who the victim is and are working to inform his next of kin.

Ch Insp Stephen Johnston-Keay said: "I can assure local people that specialist detectives are investigating and will leave no stone unturned in working to establish what happened to him, and to identify and arrest those responsible.

"I would like to thank local people for their patience and understanding while we go about this crucial work.

"If you have information that could help us, no matter how insignificant it may seem, please tell us. You will see officers on the cordons and on patrol and they will be ready to listen to you."

Some road closures are in place.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

An 18-year-old man named Mohammad, who was among the survivors of a capsized fishing boat in Greece, has tearfully reunited with his brother.

His brother, Fadi, travelled from the Netherlands, and embraced him through the gates at the port in Kalamata, where survivors of the deadly shipwreck were being held and cared for in a warehouse.

Fadi briefly spoke to reporters where the reunion took place and choked back tears, he told them that Mohammad had been in Libya for two years.

At least 78 people have already been confirmed dead in the disaster, but up to 750 could still be missing at sea. The BBC has been told that as many as 100 children may have been on board.

Read more about what happened here.

MPs have urged the UK government to launch a public inquiry to assess the effects of Brexit in a parliamentary debate triggered by a petition.

A three-hour debate was held after 183,000 people signed a petition calling for a public inquiry into the impact of leaving the European Union.

The government says Brexit was a "democratic choice" and dismissed calls for a public inquiry.

But some MPs branded Brexit a "disaster" and an "error".

The UK officially left the EU in January 2020 after a referendum in 2016 saw Leave beat Remain by a margin of 51.9% to 48.1%.

The decision meant making big, structural changes to the relationship between the UK and the EU, with areas such trade, investment and immigration affected.

Most economists believe Brexit has had a negative effect on the UK economy, but some argue the benefits of leaving the EU will be seen over time.

Monday's debate in Westminster Hall gave MPs an opportunity to discuss these issues, with most speakers criticising Brexit and those who backed it.

The discussion was led by Martyn Day, an SNP MP whose party wants an independent Scotland to rejoin the EU.

He said "concerns have been expressed that no impact assessment has been carried out to assess the damage that Brexit has created".

He cited comments made by Richard Hughes, the chairman of the Office for Budget Responsibility, who recently told the BBC Brexit had been similar to the Covid pandemic in its impact.

The latest forecast by the OBR assumes Brexit will lead to a 4% reduction in the potential productivity of the UK economy, with the reduction building "over time with the full effect felt after 15 years".

"The economic fallout from Brexit is stark," Mr Day said.

"From my perspective, Brexit has been an unmitigated disaster—politically, economically and socially, for Scotland and the rest of the UK.

Mr Day said he backed the petition, which said "the truth about Brexit" can only be established "by an independent public inquiry, free from ideology and the opinions of vested interests".

Public inquiries are usually initiated by a government minister, who appoints an independent chair or panel to examine matters of public concern, and produce one or more reports.

One recent example is the public inquiry into the UK government's handling of the Covid pandemic, which is under way.

SNP MP Martyn Day opened the debate on the impact of Brexit

Liberal Democrat MP Wera Hobhouse said a public inquiry "would help us face up to reality and it would give a true picture of the impact on people, business and the whole economy".

Like Mr Day, she cited analysis by the OBR which, in its latest forecast, assumes that "UK imports and exports will both be 15% lower in the long run than had we remained in the EU".

The Liberal Democrats have said they would seek a closer economic relationship with EU if they were in government.

That position is anathema to Brexit-backing Conservative MPs like Adam Holloway, who spoke in favour of leaving the EU during the debate.

Mr Holloway said: "In reality, we are arguing today about whether we should have voted to leave the EU or whether we should rejoin."

The Tory MP said the biggest benefit of Brexit was that "our sovereignty has been repatriated".

He said EU membership had brought "social problems" and "enormous stress on public services", which some MPs in the room did not understand.

"It is easy to undervalue sovereignty if the areas in which it was surrendered to the EU do not actually impact one's life," Mr Holloway said.

"It is easy to disdain patriotism if someone is economically and socially mobile and derives their self-worth from a well-paid job, or if their life is made easier by cheap labour as a result of free movement."

Leo Docherty, Conservative MP for Aldershot, was the minister put forward to represent the government in the debate.

He said the government did "not believe that it would be appropriate to hold an inquiry into the impact of Brexit".

He said: "Britain left the EU to do things differently and make our own laws, but this was not just political theory: our laws and tax framework and the way we spend our money all make a real difference to people's lives."

Healthcare workers care for injured patrons outside the Madrid restaurant

At least two people have died and another ten were injured after a waiter flambéed a dish, accidentally setting fire to an Italian restaurant on a busy Friday evening in Madrid.

One of the injured is in a critical condition and five others have serious injuries.

Plastic plants in the restaurant caught fire during the flambé process, and the flames rapidly spread.

The food is usually covered in spirits and set alight for dramatic effect, sometimes giving it a smoky flavour.

The fire broke out near the entrance of the Burro Canaglia restaurant, which made it harder for people to escape, Spanish newspaper El Pais reported.

The paper also reported that one of those who died was an employee.

Though the blaze was extinguished quickly, it was "extremely intense" and generated "a lot of smoke," the Mayor of Madrid, Jose Luis Martinez-Almeida said.

The mayor said there had been about 30 diners and staff members in the restaurant at the time of the fire.

He warned there would have been more victims had the firefighters taken longer to attend the scene, adding that it was extinguished within 10 minutes from the first warning of the blaze.

Police have launched an investigation into the causes of the fire.

Radio presenter Susan Rae has thanked listeners for their support and "lovely messages" since being diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's last year.

The sons of the freelance Radio 4 announcer launched an appeal this week to support her move to assisted living and it has raised £40,000 in five days.

Rae told Radio 4's Broadcasting House show she was "overwhelmed" by the support people had shown her.

She said it was "the most extraordinary moment" since her diagnosis.

Speaking to Paddy O'Connell on the programme, the Scottish journalist from Dundee spoke about her initial reaction to symptoms of Alzheimer's and the loneliness she now feared in her new home.

The signs that something was wrong were gradual at the start, Rae said.

"And then it started getting a bit more drastic, especially when I was actually at work."

She said that with some of the broadcasting work, she could record it again "but of course, the live stuff finds you out".

In a message for the fundraiser, Rae's son Rory Cargill said that, after 30 years on air, his mum had been left unable to work because of the condition.

Alzheimer's disease affects the brain, and it is the most common cause of dementia. One of the most common symptoms is memory loss, and it can affect people of different ages - but over-65s are more susceptible to the disease.

Rae, who is 66, said she still felt physically very strong, which is often a good thing. But in other ways, she adds, "you wish your brain was a great deal stronger than your physical body".

Susan Rae in a picture taken in 1984

After initially living independently in a retirement community apartment, her needs have grown in recent months.

But she told the programme that her biggest challenge was dealing with loneliness in her new home.

"I've lost a lot of my friends," she said.

"I haven't physically lost them but I've missed being at the BBC with all my friends. That's the biggest thing."

Among those who have given donations to the fundraiser are several Radio 4 and Radio 3 listeners who remember her decades on air, working as a journalist, newsreader, continuity announcer and even reading the shipping forecast. One paid tribute to her "melodious Scottish voice".

Asked about the public support towards her fundraiser, Rae said: "I just want to say that this has been the most extraordinary moment about all of this. I'm overwhelmed actually."

"All these people have been in touch with lovely messages. People are generally great. And thank you so much. I'm so chuffed. Thank you."

Susan Rae (middle) presented Radio 4's You and Yours, in this picture taken in 1990 Susan is alongside fellow presenters at the time, John Buckley (left) and John Howard (right).

Paddy O'Connell's interview with Susan Rae is available on BBC Sounds, and you can listen to it here.

Two mounted police officers rode after a man spotted holding his mobile phone while driving.

They saw him driving through East Reach in Taunton, Somerset last Tuesday and quickly turned their horses around and caught up with him.

It is illegal to hold and use a phone, tablet, or any device that can send or receive data, while driving or riding a motorcycle.

Avon and Somerset Police said the man had been issued with a traffic offence report and would be issued with a £200 fine plus six points on his licence, or he could choose to take the matter to court.

Artwork of VHS 1256b: The planet takes about 10,000 years to go around its two parent stars

A raging dust storm has been observed on a planet outside our Solar System for the first time.

It was detected on the exoplanet known as VHS 1256b, which is about 40 light-years from Earth.

It took the remarkable capabilities of the new James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) to make the discovery.

The dust particles are silicates - small grains comprising silicon and oxygen, which form the basis of most rocky minerals.

But the storm detected by Webb isn't quite the same phenomenon you would get in an arid, desert region on our planet. It's more of a rocky mist.

"It's kind of like if you took sand grains, but much finer. We're talking silicate grains the size of smoke particles," explained Prof Beth Biller from the University of Edinburgh and the Royal Observatory Edinburgh, UK.

"That's what the clouds on VHS 1256b would be like, but a lot hotter. This planet is a hot, young object. The cloud-top temperature is maybe similar to the temperature of a candle flame," she told BBC News.

VHS 1256b was first identified by the UK-developed Vista telescope in Chile in 2015.

It's what's termed a "super Jupiter" - a planet similar to the gas giant in our own Solar System, but a lot bigger, perhaps 12 to 18 times the mass.

It circles a couple of stars at great distance - about four times the distance that Pluto is from our Sun.

Earlier observations of VHS 1256b showed it to be red-looking, hinting that it might have dust in its atmosphere. The Webb study confirms it.

"It's fascinating because it illustrates how different clouds on another planet can be from the water vapour clouds we are familiar with on the Earth," said Prof Biller.

"We see carbon monoxide (CO) and methane in the atmosphere, which is indicative of it being hot and turbulent, with material being drawn up from deep.

"There are probably multiple layers of silicate grains. The ones that we're seeing are some of the very, very fine grains that are higher up in the atmosphere, but there may be bigger grains deeper down in the atmosphere."

Telescopes have previously detected silicates in so-called brown dwarfs. These are essentially star-like objects that have failed to ignite properly. But this is a first for a planet-sized object.

To make the detection, Webb used its Mid-Infrared Instrument (Miri), part-built in the UK, and its Near-Infrared Spectrometer (NirSpec).

They didn't take pretty pictures of the planet, at least not in this instance. What they did was tease apart the light coming from VHS 1256b into its component colours as a way to discern the composition of the atmosphere.

"JWST is the only telescope that can measure all these molecular and dust features together," said Miri co-principal investigator Prof Gillian Wright, who directs the STFC UK Astronomy Technology Centre, also in Edinburgh.

"The dynamic picture of the atmosphere of VHS 1256b provided by this study is a prime example of the discoveries enabled by using the advanced capabilities of Miri and NirSpec together."

JWST's primary mission is to observe the pioneer stars and galaxies that first shone just a few hundred million years after the Big Bang. But a key objective is to investigate exoplanets. In Miri and NirSpec it has the tools to study their atmospheres in unprecedented detail.

Scientists hope they might even be able to tell whether some exoplanets have conditions suitable to host life.

Astronomers are reporting Webb's observations of VHS 1256b in The Astrophysical Journal Letters.

James Webb is a collaborative project of the US, European and Canadian space agencies. It was launched in December 2021 and is regarded as the successor to the Hubble Space Telescope.

Parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) have told the BBC a lack of suitable childcare over school holidays has left them feeling "rejected".

Figures shared with the BBC from the charity Coram, show that only one in 20 councils in England say there is enough childcare available for SEND children during the school holidays.

It also found that in some areas - including London, Yorkshire and the East Midlands - there were no councils with sufficient childcare available.

Councils say more funding and a larger workforce is needed.

Amy Walker says she is unable to work because of having to look after her five-year-old son Charlie, who is autistic, during school holidays.

Some disabled children need structure and routine to reduce anxiety and challenging behaviour, and Amy is worried about the effect spending the whole summer at home will have on Charlie.

"I'm absolutely dreading it. Six weeks of not having that routine is not good for any child, but a child with autism… it's going to have an impact on all of us as a family."

Amy's older son Cory, 12, has previously attended holiday clubs but she finds it impossible to find affordable care for Charlie. She would like councils to organise clubs for children with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND).

"You don't want to see one of your children accepted and the other one rejected. I don't think Charlie should be discriminated against just because he has a disability - it's not fair," she said.

In findings shared with the BBC, Coram asked English local authorities whether there was sufficient childcare in all areas. Of the 126 (80%) who responded, only six councils (5%) said yes.

Councils in 23 areas (18%) said there was not enough childcare available, while 36 (29%) said it was only sufficient in some areas, and 61 (48%) said they were not able to tell whether it was.

The provision of holiday provision for children with additional needs was similar in Scotland, where no councils reported having enough childcare available in all areas, and in Wales, where only 5% of councils said there was adequate provision. Coram did not collect data for Northern Ireland.

In a different survey of 1,800 parents of children with SEND by the charity Contact and the Disabled Children's Partnership, nine in 10 said they were not able to find a suitable holiday club or activity.

Local authorities in England have a legal duty to make sure there is sufficient childcare available for children aged up to 14 whose parents work or want to work. For parents of disabled children, this extends to age 18.

While there is a legal duty to provide provision, it does not have to be paid for by the local authority, so it can be unaffordable for many.

Una Summerson, head of campaigns at Contact, said it wasn't uncommon for a family to be quoted more than £150 a day for a holiday club for their disabled child.

The government's holiday activities and food programme is available for low income families and provides funded childcare as well as a meal. Amy said Cory had previously attended them, but there was nothing on offer through this for Charlie due to his additional needs.

Not only can the costs be prohibitive, Ms Summerson said her charity had "also heard from families that said when they had been able to find the right childcare it was often oversubscribed, there were huge waiting lists so it's having an absolutely devastating impact on families".

Coram's research found that in large parts of England - including London, the South West, Yorkshire and the East Midlands - there were no councils with sufficient childcare available for disabled children in all areas. The areas with the best provision were the North West and North East, with 14% and 11% respectively.

Louise Gittins from the Local Government Association said "councils worked closely with childcare providers to improve access to holiday childcare... but without concerted investment and recruitment of quality staff this will be difficult to deliver."

She added: "Adequate funding, skilled practitioners and wider system support are essential to the early identification of need and support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, as set out in the government's own SEND and alternative provision improvement plan earlier this year."

A spokesperson for the Department of Education said the government is "investing £30m to test new and innovative approaches to short respite breaks for families of children and young people with special educational needs or disabilities".

"Our holiday activities and food programme, backed by £200m per year to 2025, provides heathy meals, enriching activities and free childcare places to children from low-income families over the holidays."

One child was killed and two were seriously injured in the shooting at the school in Vantaa

In the aftermath of the shooting that saw a 12-year-old kill another child and injure two in the city of Vantaa, north of the capital Helsinki, the headlines in Finland have been full of soul-searching.

"What kind of events led to such an extreme act?"

"How could a 12-year-old get hold of a gun?"

"Could the incident have been prevented somehow?"

Few of these questions have had answers so far.

Instead, harrowing details about the events in Vantaa have continued to emerge.

The boy wore a mask and noise-cancelling headphones, showing his actions were premeditated. He shot his victims on a school premises they all knew well and spent time in every day. The two girls he wounded are still in a serious condition in hospital.

Most shocking of all, the killer was 12 years old.

There have been other school shootings in Finland, although not many: this was only the fourth in the country's history.

"In this case the shooter and the victims are really too young," Tomi Kiilakoski, youth researcher at the University of Tampere, told the BBC. "We are really talking about children - and that shocks us."

Squaring up the brutality of the crime with the young age of the suspect was difficult, he said, and the incident came as "a big shock for children, for the community, for young people and for the whole of Finnish society".

Police revealed on Wednesday that the suspect had indicated the motive behind the shooting was that he had been bullied, and their initial inquiry had confirmed that.

This is likely to worry many Finnish parents. Bullying is very difficult to eradicate, and relatively widespread: studies show that 8.6% of children between the ages of 10-11 in Finland are bullied every week.

Of course, victims of bullying rarely end up killing others, but bullying often features as one of the reasons for extreme acts of violence.

After two school shootings in 2007 and 2008 left 18 dead, a police inspector said that a "system of pre-emptive measures" had been built in that allowed police to intervene if they received information on a "person's intent to stage an attack".

On Tuesday, Finland's National Police Commissioner Seppo Kolehmainen had to admit that system had failed.

Henri Rikander, associate professor of police law at the University of Eastern Finland, told the BBC that out of the 60-100 potential mass shootings Finnish police investigate each year, about 20 are typically in the last stages of preparation and can be classified as "serious".

In the Vantaa case, the boy does not appear to have talked about his plans with anybody - and so may have fallen through the cracks.

That has left Finns wondering how to prevent such a tragedy from happening again.

As it stands, the Vantaa suspect will not face charges and has been placed in the care of social services - so some sections of Finnish society are calling for the age of criminal responsibility to be lowered from 15.

Last summer, Interior Minister Mari Rantanen of Finland's far-right Finns Party said the age should be lowered in order to "break the cycle of crime" among those younger than 15.

Jani Makela, chairman of the Finns Party parliamentary group, told the BBC that "there have been cases in which the 15-year age limit is suspected to have been exploited on purpose".

But others disagree that such a move would have any preventative effect.

Prof Rikander said violent episodes should be prevented through social intervention rather than "official control".

Harmful or worrying behaviour in others was easier to spot in contexts like sports clubs, schools or at home, he explained, but the "increasing isolation" of young people meant that worrying signs were being missed.

"The most important thing is preventative measures," said Tomi Kiilakoski. "What I would hope to see is a societal discussion on how we can provide services for children and young people in supporting their growth."

It is not yet known how a 12-year-old was able to get hold of a firearm. But we do know it belonged to a close relative and weapons are not hard to come by in Finland. With its vast open spaces and woodland, it calls itself a country of "hunters and gun enthusiasts".

According to the interior ministry, there are more than 1.5 million licensed firearms in Finland and about 430,000 people with licences, meaning almost 8% of Finland's 5.6 million residents have a gun licence. There is no limit to the number of guns that can be owned.

So far, there has been little discussion around tightening gun legislation. "We are proud of ourselves for being close to nature and hunting is a part of that," said Tomi Kiilakoski, adding that fatal shootings in Finland were low despite the high number of guns.

The boy's relatives will now have to explain how the revolver-type handgun came into the child's possession. Finnish legislation states that firearms must be "locked in such a way that the firearm... cannot be easily stolen". This appears not to have been the case.

The Viertola school where the shooting occurred reopened on Wednesday, in part to give students a chance to ask questions about what had happened.

The vast majority of pupils did turn up. A Red Cross volunteer told the Italehti news website that it was clear pupils needed to talk: "The most important question they asked was: why?"

As a boy lies dead and two girls remain in hospital in a serious condition, Finns are searching for answers.

Allies: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his Malian counterpart Abdoulaye Diop in Moscow last year

The Ministry of Defence has launched an investigation after emails containing classified information were sent to a close ally of Russia in a typing error.

The emails were intended for the US military, which uses the domain name ".mil".

But they missed out the letter i, and so the messages went instead to the West African nation of Mali.

The MoD said fewer than 20 emails were sent to an "incorrect domain" and were "not classified at secret or above".

In a tweet, it said it was "confident there was no breach of operational security or disclosure of technical data", calling the emails "routine".

"We have opened an investigation after a small number of emails were mistakenly forwarded to an incorrect email domain," an MoD spokesman told PA news agency.

The spokesman added that all sensitive information used by the government department was "shared on systems designed to minimise the risk of misdirection".

"The MoD constantly reviews its processes and is currently undertaking a programme of work to improve information management, data loss prevention, and the control of sensitive information," they added.

Earlier this month, it emerged that millions of US military emails had also been sent to Mali, because of the same typing error.

Some of those emails were believed to have contained sensitive information including passwords, medical records and the itineraries of top officers.

Mali was one of the six African countries promised free grain shipments by Russian President Vladimir Putin after the collapse of the Black Sea deal with Ukraine earlier this month.

Russia's navy blockaded Ukraine's Black Sea ports following its invasion in February 2022, trapping 20 million tonnes of grain which were meant for export and creating food shortages in Middle Eastern and African countries.

Mali is also a close Russian ally because Moscow's Wagner mercenaries have been deployed in the country to fight alongside the army against jihadists.

Earlier this week, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Mali's defence minister, air force chief and the deputy chief of staff would be sanctioned for co-ordinating the spread of Wagner in the West African country.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Ramadan is usually a month of quiet contemplation for millions of Muslims around the world.

Fasting from food and water during daylight hours, it is a period of deep introspection and inner peace.

But for some physical fitness still plays a major role, and they say their exercise and spiritual journeys run together on the same pathway.

Pilates instructor Sahir Ahmed-Evans believes there is a natural connection between fasting and fitness.

"Fasting is a discipline," she said.

"We go without food, water, we're challenging our bodies. We stay committed and consistent for the 30 days.

"It's exactly the same with exercise… you have to be committed, you certainly have to have discipline.

"And to get results you're going to have to be consistent. I think they just go hand in hand".

Sahir's tips: Don't aim for personal bests, focus on maintaining, reduce workout intensity on a fasting day, keep cardio to just before opening fasting

Sahir, 46, the owner of SAE Pilates and Fitness Studio in Cardiff, pursued a lifestyle and career in health and fitness after a period of ill health, and said she hit a point when she had to make a change.

Now, as a qualified pilates instructor, she coaches other women as a passionate advocate of women's health and wellness.

"In Ramadan, not only are we working towards our spiritual health, I feel that ties in with your emotional, mental and physical health.

"It's a complete overhaul to set you on a new programme for the rest of the year. As much as it's about spiritual improvement; improving our relationship with God, ourselves and others, it's improving us as whole.

"We can get complacent, and life takes over, but Ramadan resets it so that you realise that you are capable of a lot. If you're capable of fasting… then that means you have a deep inner strength, to take into your workouts and into life".

Ramadan ends this week, and many Muslims are exempt from fasting, particularly when it's deemed healthier not to do so. This includes children, the elderly, people who are unwell or who may be travelling, or those menstruating or breastfeeding.

"My spiritual health is very closely related to my mental and physical health," says Dr Nabeel Illahi

But for those who have been fasting, Dr Nabeel Illahi, 29, said they could get a number of health benefits.

"As the eating window is shorter, this usually leads to consuming lower calories throughout the day overall, resulting in weight loss, so fasting can help with obesity," said Dr Illahi, who is a GP in training.

"Obesity is also an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and heart disease, so it would help in reducing your chances of getting any of these".

"Evidence also shows fasting reduces inflammation in the body, and we know increased inflammation is linked with cancer, heart disease and more, so there are a number of health benefits linked with fasting".

The links to health benefits have made fasting popular worldwide, even among those who are not Muslims.

Nabeel's tip: "People want to know about fancy stuff but it's simple - you need to be drinking two to three litres of water at regular intervals, throughout the evening and night"

For Dr Illahi, who also makes fitness content online, the spiritual aspect of the month is a boost for his fitness.

"My spiritual health is very closely related to my mental and physical health, because I've noticed when I feel close to God, then I feel better with my mental health.

"I'm able to deal with my challenges better. My mood is better and I actually feel like working out".

Routines can be disrupted for some people during the month, due to the pre-dawn meal and night prayers.

Dr Illahi said he noticed people who may struggle through the day are suffering from a lack of sufficient sleep.

"You need to be trying to get at least seven to nine hours of healthy continuous sleep even in the month of Ramadan," he said.

"Religion to me is the most important thing at the end of the day," says Amin Ullah

In the run-up to competing in his first bodybuilding competition, Amin Ullah, 25, has been working out twice a day, before and after breaking his fast.

"If I wasn't competing I wouldn't be training as vigorously as I have been, with the same intensity," said Amin, from Barry, Vale of Glamorgan.

He described stopping fasting as like "losing a sense of self, because if I don't train I don't feel right".

He has been training for eight years on and off, but this year has been his first in maintaining a workout routine through Ramadan.

"Religion to me is the most important thing at the end of the day," he said.

"This year I've tried to make no excuses, I still want to perform my five daily prayers and fast every day, while working out and being as productive as I can.

"And this Ramadan I've been able to make the most of both religion, and just my day-to-day life, to the highest potential I can".

Roads and fields near Enniskillen turned white as snow fell on Thursday afternoon

Flights have been disrupted and some roads closed as heavy snow falls in parts of Northern Ireland.

A number of homes are without power due to severe weather conditions causing damage to the network, Northern Ireland Electricity (NIE) said.

A severe weather warning has been issued for three counties.

The Met Office has said parts of counties Antrim, Down and Armagh could expect snow and ice between 15:00 GMT on Thursday and 04:00 on Friday.

The amber warning is the second highest level that can be issued by the Met Office and means there is a risk of travel delays and road closures.

Other counties are under a lesser, yellow-level warning.

Snow has been falling across many areas overnight and it is expected to become more heavy and persistent towards the east coast.

The Met Office is warning of "atrocious" travel conditions, especially over higher ground.

Between 4cm and 8cm of snow is expected away from coastal areas, with between 10cm and 20cm over higher ground.

This lamb in a field near Carryduff felt the chill of a snowy day for the first time

The yellow warning for the rest of Northern Ireland lasts from 07:00 GMT on Thursday until 14:00 on Friday.

A number of roads have been closed due to treacherous conditions, including Church Road in Holywood, County Down.

The Strangford ferry has been suspended and some bus services disrupted.

Belfast International and Belfast City Airports have tweeted that there may be flight disruption due to the weather conditions.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) is advising drivers to take extra care, especially on roads that may not have been gritted.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by NI Road Policing and Safety This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. End of twitter post by NI Road Policing and Safety

Road gritting services have been disrupted by industrial action in a dispute about pay.

Stormont's Department for Infrastructure said some gritting would be done but the service would be reduced.

It has said it will "prioritise the areas at greatest risk, such as high ground".

It added that it had "external snow clearance contractors available to treat areas such as the Glenshane Pass if we need to do so".

Rostrevor in County Down saw steady snowfall on Thursday afternoon

Road maintenance workers in the Unite and GMB unions have protested over a pay bonus, which they argue should be given to all staff.

The department said it was "committed to resolving this dispute" but called for a "derogation for winter service for the next few days".

The government information service NI Direct has posted a listed useful emergency contact numbers for those affected by the snow and ice.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by nidirect This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council has announced that all council facilities will close until midday on Friday due to the snowfall.

In the Newry, Mourne and Down District Council area all forest parks have been closed with further closures possible on Friday.

The Education Authority warned that its school transport service may be disrupted on Friday morning, particularly in rural areas.

In the Republic of Ireland, snow and ice warnings have been issued through Thursday and Friday.

The second highest level of warning has been issued for for snow across 13 counties in Ulster, Connacht and parts of Munster and Leinster.

The Irish weather service Met Éireann has warned of significant snow and ice in some areas.

In the Republic, National Emergency Coordination Group chair Keith Leonard said there will be major disruption across the road network on Friday.

Mr Leonard added that schools may close on Friday, but it will be decided by principals based on the local weather conditions.

Lee Waters has said sorry for voting against the government three times

A minister has apologised after voting the wrong way, and against his own government, three times.

Deputy climate change minister Lee Waters admitted the mistakes were "embarrassing and frustrating" and he blamed a "lapse in concentration".

The first mistake was during a 16 May vote on the Agricultural Bill.

The Tories introduced an amendment which Labour voted against, but Mr Waters voted in favour of it, so it passed.

This meant the law had to return to the Senedd so the government could undo this.

For that to happen, another vote was needed on 24 May, when Mr Waters was the only Member of the Senedd to vote against.

Then, on 6 June, he voted with the Tories in favour of giving Senedd consent to the UK government on the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Bill.

The Welsh government voted against the consent motion.

"It is embarrassing and frustrating to have made mistakes when voting, but there's no excuse for the lapses in concentration," Mr Waters said.

"I have apologised to the chief whip."

A minke whale has been spotted leaping from the water off Scarborough, amazing those lucky enough to see it.

Wildlife photographer Steve Shipley headed out to sea last Thursday in the hope of spotting dolphins.

While the dolphins evaded him, he managed to get a rare glimpse of a minke whale breaching the waves.

Mr Shipley captured the whale with almost its whole body out of the water, saying it was a "fantastic" sight only 10 minutes into the trip.

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

Fears in financial markets appeared to ease, a day after regulators agreed a rescue deal for troubled lending giant Credit Suisse.

The bank was bought by rival UBS on Sunday after regulators worked around the clock to secure the takeover.

Along with the collapse of two smaller US banks, its struggles had sparked fears over the global financial system.

Hope that the deal would help contain the crisis helped lift shares in Europe and the US.

London's FTSE 100 closed up roughly 0.9%, recovering ground after early losses. Major indexes in Europe also ended higher, with UBS climbing roughly 1.5% by the end of the day.

In the US, the three major exchanges also gained, despite worries about another regional bank, First Republic.

Shares in the San Francisco-based firm sank more than 40%, as the injection of funds by 11 of America's biggest banks last week failed to restore confidence in the bank's future.

There were reports of another effort to stabilise the bank - which has seen shares plunge as customers transfer their money - as authorities sought to keep the crisis contained.

Shares of some other banks in the US and Europe also remained under pressure.

In the UK, a spokesperson for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak aimed to reassure investors saying UK banks were "safe and well capitalised" after the emergency rescue of Credit Suisse.

It came after central banks around the globe made similar comments.

Six central banks, including the US Federal Reserve, also announced they would boost the flow of dollars in the global financial system to make sure banks had easy access to cash.

Despite the panic, experts do not expect a repeat of 2008 when banks stopped lending to each other. The situation was so dire then it sparked a global recession.

Banks have been struggling with the recent rise in interest rates which has left some sitting on substantial losses.

It led to the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank - two medium sized lenders - in the US last week and sparked concerns other banks could get into trouble.

Credit Suisse - which had been loss-making for some time but which was otherwise well capitalised - has been hit by this crisis of confidence.

The 167-year-old institution is one of around 30 banks worldwide deemed too big to fail because they are of such importance to the banking system.

Switzerland's second largest lender, which has struggled with a string of scandals over the last few years, was sold to UBS at just over $3.15bn (£2.6bn), a fraction of its $8bn price tag on Friday.

Mark Yallop, the former UK chief executive of UBS, said the deal "should" do the job of reassuring investors.

"This is a takeover of a challenged institution with particular idiosyncratic problems that relate to it specifically [and are] not reflective of broader issues in the banking markets," he told the BBC's Today programme.

The chairmen of both banks spoke at a news conference in Bern on Sunday

UBS chairman Colm Kelleher said it would wind down Credit Suisse's investment banking operations but that it was "too early" to say what would happen about jobs.

Credit Suisse has around 74,000 staff, around 5,000 of them in the UK.

"We need to do this in a rational way thoughtfully, when we've sat down and analysed what we need to do," he said.

Ordinary people have little reason to fear for their funds.

In the highly unlikely scenario that a bank or building society actually collapses, then deposit protection is in place.

In the UK, that means £85,000 per person, per institution is protected (or £170,000 in a joint account).

So, if you have £85,000 in one bank, and another £85,000 in a separately licensed bank, then it is all safe if both went bust, under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.

There is also a higher temporary limit of £1m for six months, if you get a sudden influx of funds, such as an inheritance.

Protection is similar in the EU, and the US government has safeguarded deposits of up to $250,000 for a long time.

Twitter has changed its brand and logo from its famous blue bird to "X".

The new white X on a black background has replaced the blue bird on the desktop version of the social network, although is yet to appear on the mobile app.

"Tweets" will also be replaced, according to Twitter's owner Elon Musk, and posts will be called "x's".

The billionaire changed his profile picture to the new logo and added "X.com" to his Twitter bio.

Mr Musk wants to create a "super app" called X - his vision for a new kind of social media platform that he has been talking about creating for months.

On Sunday, the billionaire said he was looking to change Twitter's logo, tweeting: "And soon we shall bid adieu to the Twitter brand and, gradually, all the birds."

He then shared a picture of the new X branding projected onto the side of Twitter headquarters in San Francisco.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Elon Musk This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mr Musk, who has changed the name of the business to X Corp, said the replacement "should have been done a long time ago".

He posted an image of a flickering X on Twitter, and later in a Twitter Spaces audio chat, replied "Yes" when asked if the Twitter logo would change.

Linda Yaccarino, Twitter's new chief executive, wrote on the platform that the rebrand was an exciting new opportunity.

"Twitter made one massive impression and changed the way we communicate," she said.

"Now, X will go further, transforming the global town square."

The bird is called Larry which Twitter's co-founder Biz Stone said, in 2011, is a tribute to basketball star and Boston Celtics legend Larry Bird.

People took to Twitter to mourn the loss of the logo, including Martin Grasser who designed it in 2012.

"Today we say goodbye to this great blue bird," he said. Later the tweet was shared by Jack Dorsey, Twitter's best-known co-founder with a goat emoji, which means 'greatest of all time'.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by jack This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

For some people in Asia, super-apps including India's PayTM and Indonesia's GoJek have been a vital part of everyday lives for the past few years.

The apps let users pay for services through a finance system.

WeChat is a messaging and social media platform that has evolved into one of the region's biggest apps in terms of its range of services and number of users.

Last year, it was estimated to have 1.29 billion users in China alone.

Drew Benvie, social media commentator and founder of digital agency, Battenhall said, "Musk is going full throttle for the everything app space, leaving old Twitter in his wake, and eyeing the successes of Asia's trailblazers like WeChat and Moj.

"Succeeding in just a couple of additional services, such as shopping or payments, could be all that's needed to make X better than Twitter was. But there are already so many alternatives, so Musk and co are playing an enormous game of catch-up."

Twitter's website says its logo, depicting a blue bird, is "our most recognisable asset".

"That's why we're so protective of it," it added.

The firm temporarily replaced the logo in April with Dogecoin's Shiba Inu dog, helping drive a surge in the meme coin's market value.

Mr Musk was later accused of insider trading by a group of Dogecoin investors, who claimed he had profited from driving up Dogecoin's value.

Business commentator Justin Urquhart Stewart said Twitter's "loyal but aging base" would not like the changes.

"The younger generations have moved onto other apps and Twitter does look at bit old-fashioned."

"Elon Musk has got to be careful as you are almost starting from scratch with an older audience meanwhile damaging the original brand," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Twitter logo designer speaks out on changes

The very rapid rebranding of Twitter has also caused some security concerns.

Jake Moore, global cyber adviser at security firm ESET, said the transition from one company name to another could encourage phishing, where criminals impersonate people or organisations to steal users' data.

"A rebrand is the perfect opportunity to send phishing emails requesting users to sign in via a new URL from a link within that email - but of course that link wouldn't be genuine and that's where people could be tricked into handing over their genuine Twitter credentials without their usual level of caution," he told the BBC.

"Cyber-criminals can easily prey on this, especially those searching for that new URL."

Mr Musk has long had a fascination with the letter X - although no-one really knows why.

One of his first business ventures in 1999 was known as X.com, which was an online banking platform.

Just three years later, Mr Musk made $165m when X.com - by then merged with PayPal - was bought by eBay.

Elon Musk and Grimes' first child is named X Æ A-12

He also owns the X.com domain name, which now redirects to Twitter.

Mr Musk is also chief executive of SpaceX, the commercial American aerospace company founded in 2002.

There is also the name of his first child with musician Grimes - X Æ A-12 Musk.

Mr Musk also recently launched his long-awaited artificial intelligence start-up - xAI - in a bid to build an alternative to ChatGPT.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

US President Joe Biden has condemned Israel's killing of seven humanitarian aid workers in Gaza.

Saying he was "outraged and heartbroken", he accused Israel of not doing enough to protect aid workers.

Israel promised an independent investigation after the UK, US, Canada, Australia and Poland lost nationals in Monday's attack.

Israeli President Isaac Herzog has apologised for the deaths.

The seven victims, who were working for World Central Kitchen (WCK), were killed when their convoy was attacked from the air on Monday.

Mr Biden called for Israel's investigation to be conducted swiftly, and said it "must bring accountability" and its findings be made public.

Distributing aid in Gaza had been "so difficult", he said, because Israel had "not done enough to protect aid workers trying to deliver desperately needed help to civilians".

In some of his strongest language since the war began, Mr Biden also accused Israel of not doing enough to protect Palestinian civilians.

"The United States has repeatedly urged Israel to deconflict their military operations against Hamas with humanitarian operations, in order to avoid civilian casualties," the US leader said.

In a video message, Israel Defense Forces (IDF) chief of general staff Herzi Halevi called the incident a "grave mistake" and said "it shouldn't have happened," blaming the strike on misidentification.

Humanitarian aid to Gaza is in doubt after WCK - a key provider of aid to the Strip - suspended operations.

Three of the killed aid workers were British nationals. A Polish national, an Australian, a Palestinian and a dual US-Canadian citizen were also killed. The IDF has promised an independent investigation into the incident.

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak spoke to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday. On the call, he described the situation in Gaza as "increasingly intolerable" and "demanded a thorough and transparent independent investigation" into the killing of the aid workers.

Mr Sunak added that Israel needed to end restrictions on humanitarian aid and protect civilians, according to a Downing Street statement.

Acknowledging that Israel's forces had hit "innocent people", Mr Netanyahu said: "Unfortunately, in the last 24 hours there was a tragic case of our forces unintentionally hitting innocent people in the Gaza Strip.

"It happens in war, we check it to the end, we are in contact with the governments, and we will do everything so that this thing does not happen again."

WCK - founded by celebrity chef José Andrés - is one of the main suppliers of aid to Gaza. Four days ago, it said that it had served 42 million meals in the territory - dispatching more than 1,700 food trucks and also sending close to 435,000 meals by sea.

The charity has said it will pause its operations in the region immediately. "We will be making decisions about the future of our work soon," it said in a statement.

According to Cogat, the Israeli defence ministry body in charge of civilian policy in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, WCK is responsible for 60% of the non-governmental aid getting into the territory.

A second charity, the American Near East Refugee Aid (Anera), which was working closely with WCK, told the BBC it was also freezing its operations in Gaza.

The aid workers who were killed have been named as:

Mr Sobol, Mr Abu Taha and Mr Flickinger worked on WCK's relief team, which Ms Frankcom led, while Mr Chapman, Mr Henderson and Mr Kirby were part of its security team.

All seven were "heroes", the chief executive of WCK said.

"We have countless memories of them giving their best selves to the world. We are reeling from our loss. The world's loss," Erin Gore said in a statement.

According to the charity, the aid convoy was hit while leaving the Deir al-Balah warehouse, "where the team had unloaded more than 100 tons of humanitarian food aid brought to Gaza on the maritime route".

The convoy was made up of three vehicles, including two that were armoured, which clearly displayed the charity's logo. All three were hit during the strike.

WCK said it had co-ordinated the convoy's movements with the IDF.

More than 196 aid workers have been killed in Gaza since October, according to the US-funded Aid Worker Security Database, which records major incidents of violence against aid personnel. Not all have been killed in the line of duty.

Much of the Gaza Strip has been devastated during the Israeli military operations that began after Hamas gunmen attacked southern Israel on 7 October, killing about 1,200 people and seizing 253 hostages.

About 130 of the hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

More than 32,916 people have been killed in Gaza since then, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

The vessel capsized due to overcrowding, police say

At least 22 people have died after a packed tourist boat capsized in India's southern Kerala state.

The death toll could rise as rescue efforts are under way on Monday and the vessel is pulled from muddy waters.

Overcrowding caused the double-decker boat to capsize, Abdul Nazar, junior superintendent of police of Malappuram district, told Reuters.

The boat was reportedly carrying about 50 people, or double its capacity, when it overturned on Sunday night.

The police on Monday registered a case of culpable homicide against the owner of the boat, who is reportedly absconding.

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed condolences on Twitter, saying he was "pained by the loss of lives".

Many passengers were trapped under the boat and the darkness held back rescue efforts, according to local media. The casualties included women and children on school holiday.

At least four people who were taken to hospital are in critical condition, said Kerala's sports and fisheries minister, V Abdurahiman.

The exact number of missing passengers was not immediately clear. Authorities said they were investigating the cause of the accident and are looking into whether the boat had a proper permit.

Shameer, a lifeguard involved in the rescue operation, told Mathrubhumi news channel that "the boat was completely upside down" when rescuers arrived at the scene. "I recovered four bodies and none of them had life jackets on."

Many of the other passengers were also not wearing life jackets at the time of the incident, survivors told local media.

Ambika, a resident of the nearby Tanur area, told Manorama news channel that when she first saw the boat approach, everyone seemed to be "cheering happily".

"But suddenly the lights went out, the boat sank and the cheers were replaced with screams for help," she said.

Ms Ambika added that she immediately called the police for help. "But we could not do anything beyond that because it was getting dark and there was no way to reach the passengers."

Boat accidents are not infrequent in India where vessels are often overcrowded, poorly maintained and lack safety equipment.

Ministers are facing the prospect of a legal challenge if they go ahead with plans to house asylum seekers on a barge off the Dorset coast.

The Home Office is reportedly looking to use the Bibby Stockholm for the migrants to reduce reliance on hotels.

Portland Port said it had been selected to provide accommodation, but the government has not yet commented.

Local Conservative MP Richard Drax said "every action's being looked at" to halt the plans, including a legal case.

The government says more than £6m a day is being spent on hotels for migrants. But charities say military bases and boats are "wholly inadequate places" to house people fleeing war and persecution.

The three-storey Bibby Stockholm - which has 222 rooms and can house more than 500 people - has been refurbished since it was criticised as an "oppressive environment" when the Dutch government used it for asylum seekers.

The vessel now has en-suite rooms, a TV and games room and a gym, according to a fact sheet from its owners, Bibby Maritime.

The UK-based company refused to confirm the deal to the BBC, but said it provides "practical, safe and comfortable" accommodation for a "wide range of clients across the globe".

Environment Secretary Thérèse Coffey said the government's priority is to convert disused military bases for use as migrant accommodation, but said it was "actively considering what can be done with some of these floating vessels".

"But the priority is making sure we get those bases deployed first," she said.

Details about any deal to use the Bibby Stockholm barge have not yet been confirmed, but a Home Office spokesperson said: "The pressure on the asylum system has continued to grow and requires us to look at a range of accommodation options which offer better value for money for taxpayers than hotels."

The chief executive of Portland Port, Bill Reeves, said his site had "been selected by the Home Office to provide space for an accommodation facility," adding that he was "liaising with the Home Office about the next steps".

Mr Drax, whose constituency includes Portland, told the BBC he was "very concerned" about the impact on businesses in the area.

"We don't have the reception centres that should have been built" to house asylum seekers, he said.

The area is "very sensitive" and relies on small businesses, Mr Drax said, adding: "If 800 or 900 people descend on us like this it's going to have in my view an adverse effect on business."

Dorset Council has also said it has "serious concerns about the suitability of the location for this facility."

Speaking to the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg on Sunday, Ms Braverman refused to confirm the deal, saying her office was "looking at all sorts of lands, sites and vessels".

More than 51,000 asylum seekers are currently being housed in nearly 400 hotels around the UK.

As part of efforts to tackle the issue, last week Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick announced plans to use ex-military bases to house migrants.

He told the Commons that "the sheer number of small boats have overwhelmed the asylum system", adding the government would "not elevate the wellbeing of illegal migrants above the British people".

"Accommodation for migrants should meet essential living needs and nothing more, because we cannot risk becoming a magnet for the millions of people who are displaced and seeking better economic prospects," he said.

The plans were criticised by Labour, with shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper saying the announcement was an "admission of failure".

"They've got this huge backlog of asylum decisions, so much so that 98% of last year's small boats arrivals simply haven't even been decided or processed," she said.

The £2 cap on bus fares in England has been extended again until the end of October, the government has announced.

The cap, which applies to more than 130 bus operators outside of London, will then rise in November to £2.50 for 12 months, before prices are reviewed.

The current limit on fares has now been extended twice after warnings hundreds of services could be cut without it.

Its aim is to ease the cost of living pressures on passengers but also to encourage people to use buses.

Bus operators have still not seen the same number of passengers return to using services as before the Covid pandemic, with levels recovering to around 85 to 90%, according to the Department for Transport.

The Confederation of Passenger Transport, which is the trade association for the UK's bus and coach sector, welcomed the extra funding for the scheme and said it would help operators and councils to "promote and grow services with greater confidence".

But Graham Vidler, chief executive of the body, warned the funding and cap extension would "not save every service in every part of the country".

The trade association has repeatedly claimed that up to 15% of services could be scrapped without further funding for the sector. It has said if the government is "really serious" about levelling up, then ministers need to "back our buses for the long term".

Travel is one of the main costs to come out of household budgets, which have been squeezed in recent months by the rise in fuel, food and energy prices.

Prices for all goods are rising and inflation, which is the rate at which prices go up, is at 10.1%, meaning items are more than 10% more expensive than they were a year ago on average.

Norman Baker, of the Campaign for Better Transport, urged the government to advertise the bus fare cap to attract people who do not usually use buses in order to grow passenger numbers.

"The huge success of the scheme proves that by making public transport more affordable, more people will use it and revenue can be increased," he added.

Some of the longest routes which the cap applies to include:

Some people have gone viral on social media after travelling up and down the UK using £2 bus tickets.

Extending the current cap until the end of October and then subsiding fares at £2.50 until November 2024 will cost £200m, the government said.

As well as releasing cash to keep the cap in place, the Department for Transport said it would provide £300m to councils and operators until 2025 to protect routes that passengers rely on for work, education and medical appointments, and to improve infrastructure.

Are you a user of buses and will benefit from this cap being extended?

The government said continuing to cap fares would particularly benefit people on lower incomes who it said take three times as many bus trips than those on higher incomes.

Transport Secretary Mark Harper said the reason for extending the scheme was due to bus travel being "the most popular form of public transport", with millions of people relying on them.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak added: "By extending the £2 fare cap, we're making sure bus travel remains accessible and affordable for everyone, while helping to ease cost of living pressures."

The government said to help support the bus industry, it has provided more than £2bn in funding to recover from the pandemic.

In 2021, ministers published a National Bus Strategy, involving hundreds of miles of new bus lanes and price caps on tickets which would make buses cheaper and easier to use.

But the Transport committee of MPs, whose job is to scrutinise the Department for Transport, said in a report released in March that while many of the strategy's ideas "were on the right track", progress in implementing them had "sometimes been too slow, and in some cases, too piecemeal".

It said without further rounds of funding for councils and bus companies, the plans would "barely scratch the surface".

Lord Kerslake, a former head of the Civil Service, has died at the age of 68.

Lord Kerslake, who had been diagnosed with cancer, died on Saturday, his sister and daughter announced on Twitter.

He led the Civil Service between January 2012 and September 2014, during David Cameron's coalition government.

He had recently been working with the Labour Party on its preparations for the next general election.

Bath-born Lord Kerslake started his career in local government with the Greater London Council, and was knighted in the 2005 New Year honours list for services to local government.

As Bob Kerslake, he served as chief executive of Sheffield City Council between 1997 and 2008, before heading to the Homes and Communities Agency.

He was permanent secretary at the Department for Communities and Local Government from 2010 to 2015 - he retained this role when he became the head of the Civil Service.

He left the Civil Service in 2015, he became chair of King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, and chair of the board of governors at Sheffield Hallam University.

He was also president of the Local Government Association from 2015 to 2021, and chaired the independent investigation into the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, which reported in 2018.

He was introduced as a crossbench life peer in the House of Lords in 2015.

Following the news of his death, senior Labour figures paid tribute, including party leader Sir Keir Starmer, who described Lord Kerslake as a "talented public servant, utmost professional, and a good man... rightly respected across Westminster for his experience and wisdom".

Shadow levelling up secretary Lisa Nandy described him as "an endless source of advice and encouragement," adding that his knowledge of both central and local government was "unparalleled".

The chairman of the FDA union, David Penman, said he was "an engaging and committed leader of the Civil Service".

London Mayor Sadiq Khan said Lord Kerslake's "kindness and commitment to improving our city and country will always be remembered".

As well as his political commitments, Lord Kerslake was the chair of the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield. The theatre group said they were "deeply saddened" by his death.

"Lord Kerslake guided the organisation with generosity, passion and kindness," the statement from the Crucible Theatre added, "we are so grateful for his huge contribution to our theatres and our city".

Existing patient record systems should be "fit for purpose", the audit office report said

The number of pre-school vaccinations is steadily declining, the Northern Ireland Audit Office report has found.

It shows that the rate of children getting the MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) vaccine at two years of age has fallen from just below 96% in 2012-13 to 90% in 2021-22.

This is well below rates in Scotland and Wales, but above those in England.

In total, the report shows that 15,000 children have not received all MMR doses in the past seven years.

Also, 10,200 children have not received all recommended doses of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV).

The report recommends the Department of Health take steps to ensure existing information systems supporting vaccinations are "fit for purpose".

The Northern Ireland Audit Office (NIAO) said information systems are essential for maintaining the integrity of immunisation data and for its "seamless inclusion" within an electronic patient-record system.

These systems were announced for Northern Ireland in late 2020.

However, the NIAO study found that vaccination rates in three of five local health trusts were close to or above the World Health Organisation target.

In the Belfast Health Trust, one in three children have not been fully immunised against PCV since 2015.

In the same trust over the past seven years, one in seven children have missed the six-in-one vaccine doses which protect against multiple diseases.

Dorinnia Carville, the NIAO's comptroller and auditor general, said vaccination against infectious disease remains one of the most "successful and cost-effective ways to help manage the health of a population".

She added: "However, as many vaccine-preventable diseases require a series of immunisations to be administered to infants and small children at pre-determined intervals, overall effectiveness is heavily reliant on consistently high levels of participation."

Other recommendations in the report include providing adequate staffing for GP practices and appropriate clinical training to maintain standards of patient safety.

It recommended using clear, fact-based and consistent positive messages around vaccinations as an important way to mitigate against uncertainty in the population, and increase rates of coverage.

Dr Alan Stout, chair of the British Medical Association (BMA)'s GP committee in Northern Ireland, said the report was important.

He told BBC Good Morning Ulster that there are pressures in primary care and that "affects the vaccination process".

Dr Stout said post-pandemic, there have been "more conversations" about vaccines, adding: "There's a hesitancy, whether that is causing a significant decline, I don't know."

The Department of Health said it agreed with the significant findings for public health highlighted in the NIAO report and accepted the recommendations made.

"We recognise the multiple factors likely contributing to declining uptake in pre-school vaccinations, including service pressures and workforce," a statement from the department read.

It said the Public Health Agency (PHA) had developed an action plan as part of this ongoing work.

The PHA said the decrease in children getting vaccinated was due to a combination of people forgetting how serious diseases such as measles or polio can be, due to their dramatic reduction because of good vaccine uptake in the past, and disruption to routine vaccination programmes caused by the Covid-19 pandemic.

The agency said it was currently undertaking work to promote the importance of the childhood immunisation programme to parents and in schools.

It said more targeted interventions with multi-disciplinary teams to improve vaccination uptake among "harder to reach" communities were also taking place.

Concerns about the 999 service's failures were raised in Parliament

BT took nearly three hours to alert the government about problems with the 999 emergency phone service, a minister has said.

A full investigation will be launched into the delay after the failure meant many calls were not connected, Viscount Camrose told the House of Lords.

Concerns about the resilience of the 999 service were raised in the House of Lords in an urgent question.

BT, which manages the phone system, apologised "sincerely" for the issues.

A spokesperson for the company said: "The primary 999 service was restored on Sunday evening and we are no longer relying on the back-up system. We are monitoring the service, and we continue to work hard to determine the root cause and the impact this has had."

The issues began on Sunday morning and continued well into the evening, even after BT switched to a "back-up system", Parliament heard.

Pressed over when the government was made aware of the problem, technology minister Lord Camrose said: "The event that caused caused the platform to go down occurred at 06:30 on Sunday. The government was advised of the event at 09:20, so just under three hours later.

"I understand that they informed the government as quickly as it was practically possible for them to do so. One of the areas they will look into as part of the inquiry is whether that should have been, could have been, faster."

He said the issue has now been fully resolved, and the service is running as normal.

He added: "A full investigation is under way to understand what caused this problem."

Labour peer Baroness Anderson of Stoke-on-Trent, who previously sat in the Commons as Ruth Smeeth, called it "an incredibly disconcerting event".

"Any failure in the system will undermine faith in our emergency provision. We are seemingly very fortunate that there was no major incident."

The technical fault with the network has led to calls from a former Metropolitan Police chief to introduce joint call-handling for the three emergency services and "remove the cost that BT imposes on the whole system".

Lord Hogan-Howe, who headed the UK's largest police force from 2011 to 2017, said: "Isn't it time we started having joint call-handling?"

"The only reason BT need to take the call is because the ambulance, the fire and police have to take them independently, and you have to make a call to BT to declare which service you require, often at a time you don't actually know which one you need.

"Why don't we answer them together? Why don't we remove the cost that BT imposes on the whole system that appears has not worked very well on this particular occasion?"

At the time of the glitch, BT said its priority was getting the lines "up and running as soon as possible", and experts were trying to work out the cause.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: On land, by sea and in the air - footage from China's state broadcaster show military drills around Taiwan

China's military is rehearsing the encirclement of Taiwan during three days of military drills.

Beijing - which views Taiwan as a breakaway province of China - called the operation a "stern warning" to the island's government.

The exercises began hours after President Tsai Ing-wen returned from a trip to the United States.

The Taiwanese Defence Ministry said 71 Chinese military planes and nine ships crossed the Taiwan Strait median line.

The line is an unofficial dividing line between Chinese and Taiwanese territory.

One of the ships fired a round from its deck as it sailed near Pingtan island, China's closest point to Taiwan, Reuters reported.

Chinese state media said the military drills would "simultaneously organise patrols and advances around Taiwan island, shaping an all-round encirclement and deterrence posture".

It added that "long-range rocket artillery, naval destroyers, missile boats, air force fighters, bombers, jammers and refuellers" had all been deployed by China's military.

Taiwan considers itself a sovereign state, with its own constitution and leaders.

But China sees the island as a breakaway province that will eventually be brought under Beijing's control - by force if necessary. China's President Xi Jinping has said "reunification" with Taiwan "must be fulfilled".

Although China often holds drills around Taiwan, the "encirclement" is being seen as a response to Taiwan's President Tsai meeting US House Speaker Kevin McCarthy on Wednesday.

President Tsai said on Saturday that her government would continue working with the US and other democracies as the island faces "continued authoritarian expansionism" from China.

She made the comments in a meeting with a US congressional delegation in Taipei led by House foreign affairs committee chairman Michael McCaul.

Mr McCaul said Washington was working to supply weapons to Taiwan, "not for war, but for peace".

But in Taiwan's capital Taipei, residents seemed unperturbed by China's latest manoeuvres.

"I think many Taiwanese have gotten used to it by now, the feeling is like, here we go again!" Jim Tsai said.

Meanwhile, Michael Chuang said: "They [China] seems to like doing it, circling Taiwan like it's theirs. I am used to it now.

"If they invade we can't escape anyway. We'll see what the future holds and go from there."

China's three-day operation around Taiwan - dubbed "United Sharp Sword" - will run until Monday, the People's Liberation Army's (PLA) Eastern Theatre Command said.

Taiwan's defence ministry said it would respond to China's exercises "with a calm, rational, and serious attitude" based on the principle of "not escalating conflicts, nor causing disputes to defend our national sovereignty and security".

Last August, Beijing carried out almost a week of drills around Taiwan after Kevin McCarthy's predecessor, Nancy Pelosi, visited Taipei.

The exercises, China's largest show of force in years, included the deployment of fighter jets and warships, and the firing of ballistic missiles.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. About 55 whales were stranded on Sunday morning

An entire pod of 55 pilot whales has died after a mass stranding on a Western Isles beach.

Only 15 were alive after they washed onto Traigh Mhor beach at North Tolsta on the Isle of Lewis at about 07:00 on Sunday morning.

Marine charity British Divers Marine Life Rescue (BDMLR) attempted to refloat one of the more active whales but it was then restranded.

The decision was taken to euthanise the remaining whales on welfare grounds.

Western Isles Council - Comhairle nan Eilean Siar - has asked people to avoid the area as a clean-up operation began.

The BDMLR released an update on Sunday evening which said that one of the dead whales appeared to have had a vaginal prolapse.

This led them to suspect that the whole pod stranded due to one female giving birth.

Pilot whales are known for their strong social bonds, so often when one whale gets into difficulty and strands, the rest follow.

Attempts continued throughout the day to give the surviving whales first aid.

But after the attempt to refloat one of the whales, it was found further down the beach.

A further three whales then died, leaving 12 still alive - eight adults and four calves.

A statement said: "At about 15:30, the local vet along with the Coastguard, Fire and Rescue, and a forensics vet came to the conclusion that the shallow beach and rough wave conditions made it too unsafe to refloat the remaining animals.

"Considering how long the pilot whales had been out of the water in addition to the poor conditions, it was decided that they should be euthanised on welfare grounds."

Members of the Lewis community, Stornoway Coastguard, Stornoway and Shawbost Fire and Rescue, the Scottish Marine Animal Stranding Scheme (SMASS), the Scottish SPCA, and Civil Air Support were all involved in the rescue effort, with vets and marine experts being flown in to help.

SMASS will now carry out post mortem examinations of the bodies to conclude the cause of the stranding.

Pilot whales are small whales characterised as part of the dolphin family.

Pilot whales are social and therefore more likely to stick together when one gets into difficulty

Earlier BDMLR's Welfare and Conservation Director Dan Jarvis told BBC Scotland that the longer the whales were on the beach, the less likely it was that they would survive.

He said: "They have evolved to not have the ability to support their own weight on land. So when they are stranded they can crush themselves to death.

"Pilot whales don't usually come in to shore. They would be potentially disoriented, distressed from what has led to the stranding, and distressed from the stranding itself and being surrounded by family members who have died around them.

"This is one of the biggest incidents we've had in the last couple of decades."

A Comhairle spokesperson said: "Comhairle nan Eilean Siar asks that the public follow police advice and avoid Traigh Mhòr.

"The Comhairle has engaged with professionals and is now working with partner organisations to clear the beach."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Dorset Police was involved in carrying out raids as part of Operation Mille

Police have seized up to £130m worth of cannabis plants and arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK's largest ever crackdown on organised crime.

More than 180,000 plants were discovered in raids across England and Wales in June.

Officers also seized 20 firearms, £636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine, with a potential street value of £1m.

The operation has been described as the "most significant" of its kind ever run across UK law enforcement.

Some 182,422 plants were seized, worth an estimated £115m-£130m

Operation Mille targeted what law enforcement believe is a cash cow for organised crime gangs (OCGs) who are also involved in other offences such as money laundering, Class A drug smuggling and violence.

Cannabis is a Class B drug, not Class A like heroin or cocaine, but large-scale cannabis cultivation is seen as a key source of illicit income for criminal gangs.

The aim of the month-long operation was to disrupt OCGs by taking out a key source of their revenue, apprehending those involved and gathering intelligence on how the networks operate.

Steve Jupp, the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) lead for Serious and Organised Crime, said the operation had "successfully disrupted a significant amount of criminal activity".

"We know that organised networks involved in cannabis production are also directly linked to an array of other serious criminality such as Class A drug importation, modern slavery and wider violence and exploitation," he said.

"The intelligence gathered will also help inform future law enforcement across the country."

Around 11,000 officers from all 43 police forces in England and Wales, as well as the National Crime Agency and Immigration Enforcement, co-ordinated over 1,000 warrants in June.

Of those arrested, more than 450 people have since been charged.

"Cannabis-related crime is often thought to be 'low level', however there are clear patterns around the exploitation and violence organised crime groups are using to protect their enterprises," Mr Jupp added.

"We also frequently find that cannabis production is just one aspect of their criminal operations and that they are complicit in wider offending which blights our communities."

The NPCC is a body which brings leaders across police forces in the UK together to set policy direction.

This was among the items seized during the operation

Almost £650,000 in cash was seized

Last updated on .From the section Millwall

Millwall's owner and chairman John Berylson has died at the age of 70 following a "tragic accident" on Tuesday, the club have said.

The American businessman first became involved with the Championship club in 2006.

"He was a truly great man, incredibly devoted to his family," Millwall said in a statement.

Berylson is survived by wife Amy and his three children Jennifer, James, and Elizabeth.

The club added: "He was a person of such remarkable generosity, warmth, and kindness.

"He lived a storied life, one full of colour and joy, and was infinitely thoughtful of others with an endless desire to share his immense knowledge and experiences to help people."

Millwall have not released any further details around Berylson's death.

The club have said fans can pay their respects in a book of condolence which will be shared with his family.

Supporters can write in the book at the club's The Den stadium on Wednesday from 11:00 BST, or online.

"He has presided over some of the greatest moments in Millwall's history, and his influence in providing the platform for those was immeasurable," the club said.

"John continued to speak eagerly about the new season and his vision for the future, and any success moving forward will be in his memory and honour. It will be his legacy."

Millwall finished eighth in the Championship last season, just missing out on a play-off place on the final day.

Berylson became a significant shareholder of the club in 2007 after he led a consortium who invested in the then League One side.

He replaced Stewart Till as chairman in the same year and went on to oversee two promotions into the Championship.

The last promotion came in 2017 and the club have maintained their position in the second tier ever since.

Tributes have poured in for the owner with former Millwall right-back Alan Dunne saying: "My deepest condolences to not only my chairman for many years but also friend.

"John was a gentleman who put Millwall back on the map. What he has done for the club will always be remembered and can only thank him for everything he done for me and MILLWALL."

Aberdeen's chief executive Alan Burrows said: "Such awful, awful news. The thoughts of everyone at Aberdeen FC are with John's family, friends and everyone at Millwall FC. RIP."

The English Football League wrote: "The EFL is shocked and saddened by the news and sends its deepest condolences to John's family and everyone connected with Millwall."

Multiple clubs have sent their condolences, including rivals West Ham, who wrote: "Everyone at West Ham United sends their deepest condolences to John's family, friends and all at Millwall FC during this tragic time."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The BBC was among the first media organisations to gain access to some of the first villages liberated in Ukraine's counteroffensive.

Out of this cluster of four settlements in the eastern Donetsk region, Neskuchne has seen the heaviest fighting according to the battalion which liberated it. Ukraine lost six soldiers in the process.

Its name means "not boring" in Ukrainian.

An obvious irony for a village that was occupied by Russia in spring last year - a few weeks after President Vladimir Putin launched his full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

It was at the most northern point of a protruding Russian front line.

As our army escort, Anatoliy, speeds along scarred roads in his camouflaged truck towards Neskuchne, it's clear this is a different kind of liberation to what we saw last year.

Firstly there are no civilians here. The only remnants of civilisation come in the form of a blown out pharmacy and food store.

There isn't a complex network of trenches either. A makeshift wooden bridge over a river is all it takes to take us into territory Russia has held for so long.

Buildings are also riddled with bullet holes from smaller calibre weapons. There's been a lot of close quarter fighting here.

Anatoliy doesn't like to hang around for long.

Mortars are periodically fired from Ukrainian troops hidden in thick tree lines or abandoned gardens. He explains the Russians are just on the brow of hill in three directions.

The sudden rising of three plumes of smoke is a cue to keep moving. The Russians are responding with Grad missiles.

The situation here is far more fluid than the triumphant claims of liberation which had come from from Kyiv this week.

Russian forces have been pushing back as recently as last night, which Ukrainian officials have now acknowledged.

Ukraine's counteroffensive is in its early stages with modest gains.

If Neskuchne is anything to go by, any liberation will be far from immediate, and won't necessarily bring freedom straight away.

Former residents of Neskuchne told the BBC that the village was also briefly occupied in 2014 - when Russia-backed fighters seized large swathes of land in the Donetsk and neighbouring Luhansk regions. This followed the illegal annexation by Russia of Ukraine's southern Crimea peninsula.

The small village then went back into Ukrainian hands only to be seized by Russian troops soon after last year's invasion.

Earlier this week, a video emerged purportedly showing two Ukrainian soldiers raising the country's blue-and-yellow national flag on destroyed buildings in Neskuchne.

The loud booming sound of nearby shelling can also be heard.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A video on social media purports to show a Ukrainian flag being raised in Neskuchne, Donetsk Oblast

The inquiry has made it clear it is not going to investigate the origins of the Covid pandemic but concentrate only on its impact on the UK.

In questioning, though, Dr Charlotte Hammer was asked about the dangers of a virus being leaked, either deliberately or accidentally, from a laboratory.

She said that accidents had happened in the past and she was aware of four incidents involving the Sars virus. In terms of controlling an outbreak once it has started to infect thousands of people, the actual origins of the virus matter “very little”, Hammer said.

Prof Jimmy Whitworth was then asked about the surveillance of Covid once it had been detected in Wuhan, China, and started to spread around the world in early 2020.

He said that by mid-January of that year, people working in the international health community were aware that the outbreak was “out of the ordinary” and was not going to die away.

The parallels with diseases like Sars and Mers, also caused by different forms of coronavirus, were “something that was giving us shivers,” he added.

By the end of January 2020, he said those working in public health were clear that an impending wave was coming to the UK.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Duwayne Brooks "certain" he could have identified sixth murder suspect

Stephen Lawrence's friend has said he could have identified a sixth suspect in his friend's murder if he had been given the opportunity.

In an interview with the BBC, Duwayne Brooks said he would have picked out Matthew White, who died in 2021, in a line-up.

On Monday, White was named as the sixth suspect in the racist killing 30 years ago, following a BBC investigation.

Stephen, 18, was killed in Eltham, south-east London in April 1993.

Mr Brooks was waiting for a bus with Stephen at the time.

The failure of the first police investigation prompted a landmark public inquiry which concluded the Met was institutionally racist.

Asked whether pictures of White broadcast by the BBC investigation were of the same person he had described to police, Mr Brooks said: "100%. Not only did I describe him as best I could, you had other witnesses at the bus stop who also described him."

"I am 100% certain that if that person was put before me, and the other witnesses, in the initial stages of the investigations on an ID parade, we all would have picked him out."

In 1993, Mr Brooks and eyewitness described an attacker who bore a plain resemblance to Matthew White, but police did not treat White as a suspect for years.

The BBC investigation included statements and artists' impressions from the time.

Mr Brooks said it would now be "impossible" to remember what the attacker looked like from memory, but "there is no doubt in my mind, from what I described, from those drawings, what you can see from the other witnesses, that that is the person who was there. At the scene, on the night."

An artist's impression of the "fair-haired attacker", Matthew White and a police e-fit

He said the way his evidence was dealt with in 1993 involved "corruption" and "decisions made back then were a deliberate act of sabotage".

When approached for comment the Met said it would not be issuing a new statement.

Mr Brooks originally spoke to the Sunday Mirror, before being interviewed by the BBC.

The Met Police has consistently said there were six white men involved, as Mr Brooks said on the night.

Five prime suspects became widely known after the murder, but the public inquiry said there were "five or six" attackers.

David Norris and Gary Dobson were given life sentences for the murder in 2012. The other three - Luke Knight and brothers Neil and Jamie Acourt - have not been convicted of the crime.

White was arrested twice, in 2000 and 2013, and files were sent to the Crown Prosecution Service in 2005 and 2014. But on both occasions prosecutors said there was no realistic prospect of conviction.

In May and June 1993 Mr Brooks and eyewitnesses to the murder attended identity parades which included the prime suspects in the case, but Matthew White was not part of the parades.

In the same BBC interview, Mr Brooks said the criminal justice system doesn't work for victims "at this moment in time". He added that an apology from the Met would be a "tick-boxing exercise".

"The way I have been treated is a disgrace. My experience should never have happened."

Baroness Doreen Lawrence, Stephen Lawrence's mother, has also criticised the police handling of information about a sixth suspect in her son's murder, saying there should be "serious sanctions" against the police officers who failed to investigate White.

In response to the naming of Matthew White as a suspect, the Met Police confirmed he was seen again in 2020, but there was insufficient witness or forensic evidence to progress further.

Deputy Assistant Commissioner Matt Ward said: "Unfortunately, too many mistakes were made in the initial investigation and the impact of them continues to be seen.

"On the 30th anniversary of Stephen's murder, Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley apologised for our failings and I repeat that apology today."

Shadow climate secretary Ed Miliband has hinted that Labour could require newly-built homes to have solar panels on their roofs if it wins power.

Speaking after a speech on green investment, he said his party was "very interested" in the idea, adding: "Watch this space, we'll say more about this."

The government has cut taxes on domestic solar panels and says it is looking at other ways to reduce costs.

Reductions in the cost of installation in recent years has made them a more attractive option for homeowners trying to reduce rising energy bills.

New carbon-reducing requirements for new builds in England, however, do not make any particular technology compulsory. A consultation on future rules is due to begin this spring.

Mr Miliband made his comments after a speech setting out Labour's plans to introduce a "British version" of US President Biden's multi-billion dollar blueprint to subsidise new green industries.

The plan, signed into law last year, has sparked warnings from British ministers about a slide into protectionism.

However, Mr Miliband said these worries were "overblown," and the UK needed to invest more to avoid falling behind in a "global race" to attract jobs in sectors such as electric car manufacturing.

Asked whether his party would to pass new legislation requiring solar panels on new builds, he replied: "On the solar rooftop revolution, that's something we're very interested in."

He did not give details of what the party might be considering, but said: "Watch this space, we'll say more about this.

"I think it's a huge opportunity on commercial premises, and huge opportunity in the home as well," he added.

The government says it has promoted solar technology through a VAT cut on installation costs, streamlined planning rules for domestic properties, and grant schemes.

Ministers have also said they are working with lenders to develop low-cost finance options for homes and small businesses willing to borrow to invest in the technology.

But speaking to MPs earlier this month, Climate Secretary Grant Shapps argued making them mandatory could harm innovation in other technologies, and push up the cost of new housing.

He also argued that introducing new rules now could lead to an "additional housing crisis" due to global demand for the minerals required to make them.

Brian Berry, chief executive of the Federation of Master Builders, said Mr Miliband's comments were "laudable," but added any new requirement would have to bear in mind the impact on the "cost and viability" of new homes.

He added that at a time of rising living costs, the "bigger challenge" was to make homes more energy efficient.

Another industry body, the Home Builders Federation, said solar panels were already being widely used and would soon be included on the vast majority of all new houses.

The seaweed, pebbles and sand make Pwllheli look like an aquatic mammal

This photo of Pwllheli harbour looks so much like a dolphin you might think it was built on porpoise.

The aerial snap was taken in Gwynedd by Rhys Jones at the start of the month. He shared it on a Facebook forum called Pwllheli Drone Photos.

"I've been up several times above the marina but it's the first time I've noticed this," said the photographer.

"It was an amazing discovery. Once you've seen it, you can't unsee it."

There is a pod of about 300 bottlenose dolphins in Cardigan Bay.

Perhaps the harbour wants to join them.

That's it for today, and for evidence from Welsh officials for the time being.

We're now ending our coverage of the UK's Covid inquiry for today. Thanks for joining us.

Today's live page was written by David Deans with analysis from Hywel Griffith. The page was edited by John Arkless and Emily McGarvey.

You can read more about the Covid inquiry here.

Israelis were banned from entering Homesh and the other evacuated settlements without permission

Israel's parliament has voted to allow Israeli citizens back into the sites of four settlements in the occupied West Bank which were evacuated at the time of the disengagement from Gaza in 2005.

There has been international criticism of the bill, as the settlements were built on what the High Court of Justice ruled was private Palestinian land.

It still has to be signed by an Israeli military commander to be enforced.

But it risks further inflaming tensions with Palestinians ahead of Ramadan.

Some 600,000 Jews live in 140 settlements built since Israel's occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war.

Most of the international community considers the settlements illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this.

Almost 18 years ago, Israel's parliament passed a law mandating the unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip as well as the evacuation of four isolated settlements in the northern West Bank - Sa-Nur, Ganim, Kadim and Homesh.

Then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government said the latter move would help "provide Palestinian territorial contiguity" in the West Bank and make it easier for Palestinians to live a normal life.

Israelis were banned from entering the evacuated area without the permission from the Israeli military.

However, a group of settlers were able to establish a Jewish religious school and an unauthorised outpost at Homesh which the new coalition government - the most right-wing and nationalist in Israel's history - has been pushing to legalise.

On Monday night, lawmakers voted to repeal parts of the 2005 law so that Israelis could return to the sites of the evacuated settlements.

"The State of Israel tonight began its recovery process from the deportation disaster," tweeted Yuli Edelstein, a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud party who sponsored the bill.

"This is the first and significant step towards real healing and settlement in Israel's homeland territories, which belong to it."

But the Israeli anti-settlement watchdog Peace Now said the return of settlers to the area would be "a huge security burden and a focus of settler violence".

"This decision will also pave the way for establishing many more outposts in an area that is now almost entirely Palestinian," it added.

Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's spokesman denounced the decision, saying the Israeli government was defying international law and working to sabotage international efforts to de-escalate the situation.

The US said it was deeply troubled by the vote in Israel's parliament.

"Coming at a time of heightened tensions, the legislative changes announced today are particularly provocative and counterproductive to efforts to restore some measures of calm as we head into Ramadan, Passover and the Easter holidays," state department spokesman Vedant Patel said.

A spokesperson for the European Union said the Israeli move "hampers the possibility to pursue confidence-building measures" and that it represented "a clear step back" away from a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

Last month, the Israeli government announced the legalisation of nine unauthorised outposts and approved the planning and building of more than 7,000 new housing units in existing settlements.

But at a meeting with Palestinian Authority officials in Egypt on Sunday, it reaffirmed a commitment to stop discussion of any new West Bank settlement homes for four months, and to stop authorisation of any outposts for six months.

It was part of a series of measures designed to calm tensions ahead of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, which is scheduled to start later this week and coincides with the Jewish festival of Passover and the Christian festival of Easter.

This move by Israeli lawmakers will be viewed as being at odds with that pledge.

There has been a surge of violence between Israel and the Palestinians in the West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem this year.

At least 88 Palestinians - militants and civilians - have been killed by Israeli forces, and on the Israeli side, 16 people have been killed in Palestinian attacks, all civilians, except for a paramilitary police officer.

On Monday, there was widespread condemnation of a claim made by Israel's Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich that "there is no such thing as Palestinians".

Mr Smotrich, the leader of the far-right ultranationalist Religious Zionism party and a key figure in the governing coalition, told a conference in Paris that Arabs "invented fictitious people in order to fight the Zionist movement", and that the remarks "needed to be heard in the White House".

Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mohammed Shtayyeh strongly criticised the speech, saying it provided "conclusive evidence of the extremist, racist Zionist ideology that governs the parties of the current Israeli government".

Jordan, meanwhile, complained that a map used on the conference stage, which appeared to depict the country and the Palestinian territories as part of Israel, violated a 1994 peace treaty.

The Israeli foreign ministry later stressed in a tweet that there had "been no change in the position of the State of Israel, which recognizes the territorial integrity of the Hashemite Kingdom".

Earlier this month, Mr Smotrich called for the Palestinian town of Hawara in the northern West Bank to be "wiped out" after two settlers were shot dead there by a Palestinian gunman and settlers attacked the town and nearby villages in response.

He later said he regretted the comment, and called it "a slip of the tongue".

People in Taiwan alarmed at China's latest military drills have found a symbolic way of turning a geopolitical tussle into a bear-knuckle fight.

A popular new badge depicts a Taiwanese black bear punching Winnie the Pooh, who often appears in memes representing Chinese leader Xi Jinping.

The fad began among air force pilots, but has since gone viral.

Taiwan is a self-ruled island with its own government and constitution, but China sees it as a breakaway province.

On Monday, China finished three days of military drills around Taiwan, which included "sealing off" the island and simulating targeted strikes.

Beijing began the exercises on Saturday after Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen met US House Speaker Kevin McCarthy in California.

After the drills ended, Taiwan's defence ministry said it would not stop strengthening its combat preparedness.

Images and videos released by the ministry to back up its stance included the sight of a pilot wearing a sew-on patch of the battling bears - and social media users were quick to highlight it.

The badge, available in two versions, has the word "Scramble!" at the bottom, one of them also proclaiming "We are open 24/7".

Taiwanese people were quick to snap up the Pooh-punching patches, which retailed at 200 Taiwanese dollars (£5.30; $6.50).

They were produced by Wings Fan Goods in Taoyuan city, east of the capital, Taipei, which has now sold out of them.

Taiwan's air force told the Reuters news agency that it did not "particularly encourage" its members to wear the patch, which is not a part of their uniform.

However, it added that it would "maintain an open attitude" to anything that raised morale.

The maker of Dove soap and Cornetto ice cream has defended its decision to keep operating in Russia more than a year after the country invaded Ukraine.

Unilever said that exiting was "not straightforward" as its operations would be taken over by the Russian state if it abandoned them.

It comes after a campaign group estimated the firm is contributing £579m to the Russian economy annually.

The Moral Rating Agency accused the firm of facilitating Russia's invasion.

"Unilever must stop hiding behind its balance sheet and excuses to face the reality that selling an ice cream can allow Putin to pay for a bullet," said founder Mark Dixon.

A host of Western companies from Apple to Levi's quit Russia in the wake of its illegal invasion of Ukraine last year, both for ethical reasons and because sanctions have made it difficult to operate in the country.

However, some firms are still doing business there such as US consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble, which has said it has limited its activities in the country.

Unilever, which sells products in the UK such as Marmite and Ben & Jerry's ice cream, said it had stopped exports and imports to and from Russia and ceased advertising there.

It also claims to be selling only "essential" products in the country, including everyday food and hygiene products.

But the Moral Rating Agency (MRA) said that Unilever's production facilities in Russia continued to manufacture and sell most of its original goods in the country.

It said its calculations accounted for the total amount Unilever paid into the Russian treasury annually, along with money spent on local suppliers, employees and for other costs such as rent and technology.

"The MRA calculation starts with Unilever's admission in its 2022 Annual Report that its Russian business represents 1.4% of turnover," the group added.

Referring the BBC to its most recent statement in February, Unilever said: "We understand why there are calls for Unilever to leave Russia.

"We also want to be clear that we are not trying to protect or manage our business in Russia. However, for companies like Unilever, which have a significant physical presence in the country, exiting is not straightforward."

The company, which employs around 3,000 people in Russia, said that if it were to abandon its brands in Russia, "they would be appropriated - and then operated - by the Russian state".

The consumer goods giant said it had been unable to find a way to sell the business that "avoids the Russian state potentially gaining further benefit, and which safeguards our people".

It said there were no "desirable" options, but that continuing to run the business with "strict constraints" was the best way forward in the circumstances.

This week, Shell was criticised for continuing to trade in Russian gas more than a year after pledging to withdraw from the Russian energy market.

The oil giant said the trades were the result of "long-term contractual commitments" and do not violate laws or sanctions.

Michael Allen has been named as the man who died at the scene

Tributes have been paid to a man stabbed to death near a nightclub on Sunday whom police have named as Michael Allen, 32.

Mr Allen was confirmed dead at the scene close to the Eclipse venue on Castle Canyke Road in Bodmin, Cornwall, following reports of a street brawl.

Seven men and women with suspected stab wounds were taken to hospital.

Police have been granted by magistrates more time to question a man, 24, in connection with their murder inquiry.

Police investigations are continuing in the area

The family of Mr Allen, from Liskeard, said he was a "much-loved son, brother, grandson, and uncle who loved his dogs".

The family wished to "respectfully request privacy at this time", their statement added.

The suspect, also from Bodmin, has been arrested on suspicion of murder, attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

Officers were called to the scene at 03:15 BST on Sunday.

Of the seven people injured, five have since been released and two remain in hospital recovering from surgery.

Bodmin Rugby Club have set up a tribute site for people to remember Michael Allen

A tribute site has been set up at Bodmin Rugby Club, where Mr Allen was a player, for people to gather and remember him.

Officers will be in attendance to support the local community between 16:00 and 18:00 BST on Monday, and twice daily from 10:00 to 12:00 and then 16:00 to 18:00 for the next week.

The club said Mr Allen's "humour and kindness has left a mark on us all, and we will miss him dearly".

Det Insp Ilona Rosson said police would "continue to ask the public for their help" in the investigation.

She said: "If you have any information relating to this murder and have yet to have spoken with the police, please come forward immediately. The information you have, no matter how small you may feel it could be, could be vital to our investigation."

It is unclear whether the victims had attended the nightclub prior to the violence outside.

Eclipse released a statement saying it was "deeply saddened" by the events and its "thoughts are with the victims and their families".

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Duke of Sussex is to take The Sun's publisher to court over claims it used illegal methods to gather information on him.

Prince Harry's case could go to trial in the High Court next year after a judge ruled on Thursday that parts of his claim can proceed.

While his allegations of some illegal methods will go to trial, a judge dismissed his phone-hacking claims.

Prince Harry has alleged that journalists and private investigators working for The Sun and now-defunct News of the World used unlawful methods to obtain information about him.

The latest round of the royal's battle with the UK tabloid press revolved around at what point Harry knew enough about the alleged methods used against him in order to sue.

Under the law, claimants have six years after a privacy breach in which to take action.

Lawyers for NGN have argued that he waited too long to bring the claim, and said it should therefore be dismissed.

But the court previously heard Harry claim there was a "secret agreement" between Buckingham Palace and NGN which had prevented him from taking legal action sooner.

In March 2023, Harry disclosed for the first time a supposed deal between royal aides and senior NGN executives, which stipulated any privacy actions against the company should be delayed, and then settled out of court.

He relied on this context to explain why he had not brought his claim years earlier.

Lawyers for NGN have previously disputed the existence of any secret agreement, describing it as "Alice in Wonderland stuff".

Mr Justice Fancourt said Harry's amended case submitted earlier this year - which was reliant on the existence of the "secret agreement" - did not "reach the necessary threshold of plausibility and cogency".

He said emails between the Palace and NGN suggested there was "at some time an understanding" that the Royal Family's claims "would be addressed informally" at a late date, but the "vague and limited" evidence provided by Harry's lawyers did not amount to proof of Harry's specific claims.

From 2012, the judge ruled, Harry was "on notice" that he may have been hacked after finding out about the practice at the News of the World.

The judge said Harry "could easily" have had his lawyers investigate further, at which point a "much fuller picture would have emerged". The judge said the phone-hacking claim was therefore too late.

A spokesperson for NGN called the ruling a "significant victory" for the company.

They said: "The judge, Mr Justice Fancourt, found his claims in relation to the alleged 'secret agreement' were not plausible or credible.

Hugh Grant is also taking legal action against NGN

"It is quite clear there was never any such agreement and it is only the Duke who has ever asserted there was."

But the judge ruled that there should be a trial around other alleged methods used to get information about Harry, identified in the ruling as "blagging of confidential information from third parties, and instructing private investigators to do these or other unlawful acts".

The judge said Harry had a "realistically arguable" case that he did not know enough about any use of the methods back in September 2013, the point at which NGN argue that his six-year window to bring a claim began.

Harry says he did not have enough information to bring a claim until 2018.

Thursday's ruling does not take a position on whether Harry waited too long to bring a valid claim, only that "it is not sufficiently clear at this stage that it was issued too late" and should be decided at trial.

The trial could feature "many other" claimants, including actor Hugh Grant, and is due to start in January 2024, although could run into 2025.

Harry's legal action against the Sun is one of three major claims he is making against the publishers of British tabloids.

He gave unprecedented testimony in court last month as part of his claim against the Mirror Group, and is also attempting to sue the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday over alleged breaches of privacy.

Two of the three candidates vying to be leader of the SNP want an independent auditor to oversee the leadership vote.

Kate Forbes' campaign manager, MSP Michelle Thomson, said concerns had been raised about the integrity of the ballot process.

Ash Regan said an auditor would provide transparency to party members and the public.

The SNP has so far refused to say how many party members will be able to take part in the leadership vote.

That is despite all three candidates in the contest - Ms Forbes, Ms Regan and Health Secretary Humza Yousaf - calling on it to do so.

The SNP's national secretary, Lorna Finn, has written to the candidates to address their concerns about transparency.

She said it was not clear to her what their concerns were, but she was "satisfied as to the integrity of the ballot".

The ballot, she said, is being managed by an independent company, Mi-Voice, which the SNP has used for internal contests since 2013.

"No-one in HQ has access to live data from the ballot or any Mi-Voice systems, and no-one will know the result until it is provided to me by Mi-Voice on 27 March," the national secretary wrote.

First Minister Nicola Sturgeon told the BBC she also had no doubts about the integrity of the voting system.

SNP president Michael Russell said he has told Ms Finn that he supports publishing the membership figures, but has said he was "disgusted by the abuse directed at SNP staff by individuals who damage our cause and aid our enemies".

The national secretary said she had asked the SNP's executive committee to release the membership figures on Thursday.

The party had previously said it would only make the figure public after the result of the vote is announced on 27 March, but senior SNP sources are understood to be confident publication will be brought forward.

The SNP said its membership had reached 125,000 by 2019, but the Electoral Commission put the figure at 104,000 two years later.

The Mail on Sunday reported that Southampton-based polling firm Mi-Voice, which is overseeing the leadership vote, had been given the names of just 78,000 members by the SNP.

Ms Regan has called for transparency in an open letter, also written on behalf of Ms Forbes, to SNP chief executive officer Peter Murrell - who is the husband of Ms Sturgeon.

Mr Murrell was urged to clarify how many "paid-up" members the party has, and the number of digital and postal voting papers that have been released.

It is widely believed that Mr Yousaf is the preferred candidate of Ms Sturgeon and the wider party hierarchy, with Ms Regan previously claiming that his supporters were being "bussed in" to hustings events by SNP HQ.

Candidate Humza Yousaf has also asked for clarity over party membership

Ms Regan told BBC Scotland she would like to see the appointment of an independent election monitor to ensure the vote is fair.

"My concern is that the membership of the SNP and the country need to have full transparency and honesty in the process," she said.

"So the fact that all the teams haven't been given something as simple as the number of members in the SNP is obviously a concern."

Ms Thomson, who is supporting Ms Forbes, said some concerns that had been raised about the ballot were "based on hearsay or are from bad faith actors".

However others had been expressed by longstanding party members, she added.

She said she had written two letters to the party's national secretary but had not yet had a response.

Michelle Thomson confirmed she had asked for the appointment of an independent auditor

In a statement Ms Thomson said: "There seems to be a perception that the third party company operating the ballot process is a) independent and b) are responsible for the entire process.

"This is not the case - they are simply a company contracted by the SNP to provide services to their client's specification. This is entirely different.

"The SNP themselves remain ultimately accountable and responsible for many of the processes, oversight and ultimate integrity of the ballot."

Ms Thomson said the fact that questions were being asked could only further undermine trust in headquarters.

"This is not a position I wish to see," she said. "We all agree that the party must unify around any newly elected leader.

"I have asked that the SNP appoint a robust, experienced, third-party auditor of both the ballot processes and the eventual tally of the vote. This third party must have full oversight of all membership numbers, data and processes.

"This should be done without delay."

However SNP MP Gavin Newlands dismissed the statement by Ms Thomson, tweeting that he could not believe "this Trumpian nonsense has now hit my own party".

He insisted the vote was being carried out by "a highly regarded and independent third party".

Humza Yousaf's team said they would be happy for the SNP to provide whatever reassurances are required but added that the way in which the ballot is being questioned would be very upsetting for party members.

This leadership contest continues to cause headaches for the SNP.

Nicola Sturgeon's resignation was a blow in the first place.

Many of the first minister's opponents were relieved that a politician who had delivered a string of landslide election victories for her party was leaving the stage.

Plenty of her supporters worried that her departure was an implicit admission that Scottish independence could not be delivered any time soon.

Now the race to succeed Ms Sturgeon is posing further problems.

Divisions on economics and social issues, as well as on tactics and the party's record in government, have been exposed for all to see and for rivals to exploit.

It's also clear that many backers of Kate Forbes and Ash Regan are deeply suspicious about the manner in which the party hierarchy appears to be swinging behind Humza Yousaf.

Their calls for transparency about the election process have already been dismissed on Twitter by one SNP MP, Gavin Newlands, as "Trumpian nonsense" and fake news.

If senior party figures join the MP for Paisley and Renfrewshire North in rubbishing the concerns of Ms Forbes and Ms Regan, the distrust - and the pain - for the SNP could become even worse.

Ms Sturgeon, who said she expected the party to publish figures on the number of eligible voters on Thursday, told reported she had "100% confidence in the integrity" of the voting system.

Speaking to BBC Scotland, she said: "There's been one specific issue raised by candidates that I think the NEC has been right to look at again.

"Beyond that, as far as I can tell, there are no specific concerns being raised. It's a general concern and I don't think that general concern is justified."

She said candidates to succeed her "should remember that the task is to retain the trust of the Scottish people".

An SNP spokesperson previously told BBC Scotland that the candidates had been told "responsibility for the leadership election does not rest with any member of staff".

Deputy First Minister John Swinney said he did not know how many members the party has, adding: "I quite understand why people would want to know that data at this stage rather than at the end of the process."

Westminster leader Stephen Flynn told BBC Scotland on Tuesday he had "no idea", adding: "I think the last time I heard it was about 100,000."

Earlier in the campaign, the party's national executive committee was at the centre of a row over blocking media access to party hustings events for the leadership contest - a decision that was reversed.

The ballot to find a replacement for Ms Sturgeon, which uses the single transferable vote system, opened on Monday with the winner to be announced on 27 March.

The Business and Trade Secretary Kemi Badenoch has received an angry dressing down from the House of Commons Speaker, Lindsay Hoyle, who asked her "who do you think you're speaking to?"

Answering an Urgent Question on the government's decision to ditch plans to allow thousands of EU-inherited laws to expire by the end of the year - and Ms Badenoch's failure to announce it in the Commons before writing about it in a newspaper - the business and trade secretary told the Speaker she was "very sorry that the sequencing that we chose was not to your satisfaction".

A report in the Telegraph said the government intended to abandon its targets to scrap all retained EU law after Brexit, but this was not announced to the House of Commons first, to the anger of the Speaker.

Captain Sir Tom Moore became famous for his fundraising efforts during the first coronavirus lockdown

The daughter of Capt Sir Tom Moore has been told to knock down an unauthorised building used as a spa after a planning application was rejected.

Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband used the Captain Tom Foundation name on the first plans for the building, with later revised plans turned down.

The charity is also no longer taking donations or making payments due to an ongoing inquiry into its finances.

Ms Ingram-Moore and the foundation have been contacted for comment.

Central Bedfordshire Council said the demolition order was subject to an appeal to the Planning Inspectorate.

The Army veteran walked 100 laps of his Bedfordshire garden at the start of the first coronavirus lockdown in 2020, raising £33m for NHS Charities Together.

Capt Sir Tom, who was born in Keighley, West Yorkshire, died in 2021 aged 100.

Capt Sir Tom won the nation's hearts with his fundraising walk, which took in 100 laps of his garden

After he became an international figure, his family set up a separate charity in his name.

In a statement on the Captain Tom Foundation website, the charity said its "sole focus...is to ensure that it cooperates fully with the on-going statutory inquiry by the Charity Commission".

"As a result, The Captain Tom Foundation is not presently actively seeking any funding from donors. Accordingly, we have also taken the decision to close all payment channels whilst the statutory inquiry remains open," it said.

The statement added that when the inquiry concluded it would "be in a better position to make a decision in relation to its future".

When the inquiry was started a year ago, the Charity Commission said "concerns have mounted" over the charity and independence from a business run by Capt Sir Tom's family.

Capt Sir Tom's daughter, Hannah Ingram-Moore, set up a charity following the veteran's death

Hannah Ingram-Moore is the younger of Capt Sir Tom's two daughters and lived with the Army veteran at the family home in Marston Moretaine, Bedfordshire.

It has emerged the Ingram-Moores requested planning permission for a "Captain Tom Foundation Building", which was "for use by occupiers... and Captain Tom Foundation", according to documents submitted to Central Bedfordshire Council in August 2021.

The local authority granted permission for the single-storey structure to be built on the tennis courts at the Grade II-listed home, as first reported in The Sun.

Then, in February 2022, the family submitted revised plans for the already partly constructed building, which called it the "Captain Tom Building".

The plans included a spa pool, toilets and a kitchen, which the Design & Access and Heritage Statement said was "for private use".

In November 2022, Central Bedfordshire Council refused the retrospective planning permission for the revised plans.

A council spokesperson said: "An enforcement notice requiring the demolition of the now-unauthorised building was issued and this is now subject to an appeal to the Planning Inspectorate."

The Captain Tom Moore Foundation did not respond to the BBC's request for comment on the planning application, but told The Sun the trustees were unaware and "would not have authorised" the plans had they known.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Rugby Union

Ireland won their fourth Grand Slam as they wore down 14-man England in a tense Six Nations finale in Dublin.

Two early Owen Farrell penalties put England ahead before Ireland hit back with a well-worked Dan Sheehan try.

England's hopes of an upset were dashed when Freddie Steward was sent off just before half-time.

Robbie Henshaw and Rob Herring tries either side of Sheehan's second of the game ensured Ireland's first Grand Slam in five years, and first won in Dublin.

England, much improved from their humiliating defeat by France at Twickenham last week, scored a deserved second-half try through Jamie George, but were unable to pull off a major upset and ruin Ireland's big day.

Despite being tested by a resilient English side, Ireland - as they have so often done under Andy Farrell - found a way to win as they gave talismanic captain Johnny Sexton the perfect send-off in his final Six Nations match, even though his day ended early because of injury.

The full-time whistle was greeted with Irish celebrations at a jubilant Aviva Stadium as the home side delivered on their immense promise, having entered the competition as the world's number one side.

With the prospect of being confirmed as champions before kick-off ended by France's 41-28 win over Wales, the tension inside the Aviva Stadium was palpable from the start as Ireland plotted the dream finale to a memorable campaign.

But while few gave England much chance of spoiling the Irish party following their record-breaking hammering by France last week, it was the visitors who settled quicker.

Their reward was two penalties, both scored by Farrell, the second coming after Alex Dombrandt stopped Johnny Sexton from scoring with a crucial tackle at the other end.

Clearly nervous, Ireland were made to wait until the 18th minute for their first score. But it was a big one as Sexton thumped a penalty between the sticks to surpass Ronan O'Gara as the competition's record scorer.

While Sexton's record-breaking penalty settled a few nerves, Sheehan's score produced a massive roar from the Aviva crowd, the hooker crossing after a well-worked set-piece that saw Josh van der Flier breaking from a line-out maul.

With Sheehan having given Ireland a much-needed shot in the arm, things went from bad to worse for England on the cusp of half-time when Steward was sent off after colliding with Hugo Keenan.

After an Irish pass went forwards, Keenan stooped to pick up the loose ball. The on-rushing Steward turned sideways at the last moment and Keenan's head collided with the England full-back's arm, with referee Jaco Peyper ruling that the contact merited a red card.

Despite their numerical disadvantage, England refused to lie down in the second half, and moved to within a point when Farrell booted his third penalty between the posts.

But Ireland managed to regain control and exerted enough pressure to prise open holes in the English defence, with Henshaw able to slip through before Sheehan's second score seemingly put the hosts out of England's reach.

To their credit, England continued to plug away and scored their only try when George crashed over, but after the visitors' Jack Willis was sin-binned, replacement Irish hooker Herring stretched to score his first Six Nations try and complete a famous triumph for Ireland.

While England head coach Steve Borthwick can take heart that his side delivered on their promise to show more fight than they did against France, a fourth-place finish is a stark reminder of the task facing Eddie Jones' successor.

In contrast, Ireland will now approach the World Cup later this year with relish as they look to progress past the quarter-finals of rugby's quadrennial showpiece for the first time.

That is all to come. For now, Ireland can celebrate retaking their place at the top of the Six Nations.
• None Ireland have now won four Grand Slams with triumphs coming in 1948, 2009, 2018 and 2023
• None They have won five Six Nations titles with their other wins in 2009, 2014, 2015 and 2018
• None Andy Farrell's side set a new national record of eight straight Six Nations wins, surpassing the seven-game streak they set between 2004 and 2005
• None Ireland are on a national record run of 14 wins at home

Analysis - what they said

Former England captain Matt Dawson on BBC Radio 5 Live: "I'm proud of the way England fronted up but they gave away far too many penalties.

"Their ill-discipline kept giving easy ball to Ireland. A good performance by England but the focus should be on this tremendous Irish side.

"I just cannot see anyone beating the Irish. They are head and shoulders ahead.

"This Ireland team have what it takes, not just to win the Six Nations, but the World Cup as well."

Former Ireland number eight Jamie Heaslip on Radio 5 Live: "It's a great day for the Irish. They are a special group with a different mindset to the past. They are comfortable with being the number one side in the world."

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Cole Palmer scored twice deep into stoppage time to complete his hat-trick and earn Chelsea a remarkable win against Manchester United despite having previously given up a two-goal lead.

The latest winner scored in Premier League history, timed at 100 minutes 39 seconds, stunned United, who led through nine minutes of injury time, and sent Stamford Bridge into delirium.

United were ahead with 99 minutes 17 seconds on the clock, the latest a side has ever led in a Premier League match they have gone on to lose.

The two late strikes capped off a breathless game that started at pace, with Blues captain Conor Gallagher slamming the hosts in front, and barely relented throughout.

Inside 20 minutes Palmer doubled the hosts' lead from the spot after Antony fouled Marc Cucurella.

But Alejandro Garnacho sparked a United comeback when he pounced on Moises Caicedo's poor pass across the back.

Bruno Fernandes pulled United level just five minutes later when he headed in Diogo Dalot's cross.

Garnacho scored his second when he headed in an excellent outside-of-boot cross from Antony past goalkeeper Djordje Petrovic, with what United thought was the winner.

That was before a dramatic end to the match saw Chelsea take all three points.

Substitute Noni Madueke was brought down by Dalot in the area and Palmer stepped up confidently to bring the scores level on 100 minutes.

Then in the 101st minute, Palmer picked the ball up from a short corner and his drilled shot was deflected past United goalkeeper Andre Onana to spark wild scenes in the stadium.

Since signing for Chelsea in the summer for a fee of £42.5m, Palmer has hit the ground running at Stamford Bridge.

The 21-year-old has been the standout player in an inconsistent season for Chelsea and their young squad.

Palmer's hat-trick brings his goal tally to 16 in the league - joint-second and only behind Manchester City's Erling Haaland.

He has seven goals in his last four games for the club as he continues to be the shining light for Mauricio Pochettino.

He also has a 100% record from the penalty spot and has scored eight so far this season - such is his quality it did not feel in doubt that he would score both spot-kicks in this match.

Having made his England debut in November and been included in the most recent squad, on this form he is looking ever more likely to be included by Gareth Southgate for Euro 2024 this summer.

It's been an inconsistent season for Manchester United and this performance summed up the campaign they are having so far.

They were pounced on by Chelsea at the beginning of the match, did not seem to have an answer to the Blues' intensity, and were lucky to not be further behind before they started their comeback.

Garnacho's effort was rewarded with a gift when Caicedo played him in for his first and he was the furthest United player forward when he got on the end of Antony's cross to score what looked to be the winning goal.

There are many questions for manager Erik Ten Hag to answer and the manner of this loss will bring an extra amount of scrutiny.

Ten Hag's side faced 81 shots across their three Premier League fixtures in March, another 28 here, and the question as to why they are so easy to create chances against will continue to be asked.

It is the second time in as many matches that United have not won a Premier League game when leading in stoppage time and this result leaves them 11 points away from an unlikely Champions League place.
• None Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
• None Goal! Chelsea 4, Manchester United 3. Cole Palmer (Chelsea) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Enzo Fernández following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Carney Chukwuemeka (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Marc Cucurella.
• None Goal! Chelsea 3, Manchester United 3. Cole Palmer (Chelsea) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom right corner.
• None Penalty conceded by Diogo Dalot (Manchester United) after a foul in the penalty area.
• None Attempt saved. Noni Madueke (Chelsea) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Enzo Fernández.
• None Attempt missed. Benoît Badiashile (Chelsea) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Cole Palmer with a cross following a corner. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

The Unison and GMB unions have called off ambulance strikes in England after what was described as a "huge shift" in the government's position.

Tens of thousands of staff were expected to walk out on 6 March and 8 March across large parts of England.

That action has been suspended after ministers agreed to reopen pay talks for both this and next financial year.

The government welcomed the move, but said it was "disappointing" a third union still planned to strike.

Unite, the smallest of the three ambulance unions representing approximately 3,000 workers, said its strike on 6 March would go ahead.

Industrial action has also been paused in Wales for further talks with the Welsh government.

In Scotland, all NHS worker strikes are on hold too.

Rachel Harrison, GMB National Secretary, said: "This is a huge shift from the government, who for months have refused to consider negotiations on pay. Now, they are saying they are willing to sit down and talk.

"The Government has given assurances of additional cash for both years above existing budgets and that any deal will respect the existing Agenda for Change structure.

"GMB's ambulance workers have agreed to suspend industrial action so talks can begin - however the strike will return with a vengeance should talks break down."

It is understood the negotiations will proceed on the understanding the government will discuss a one-off cost-of-living payment for the current financial year, which ends in April, as well as a brand new pay deal for 2023-24.

It is thought the Royal College of Nursing will also be brought back into wider pay discussions, instead of holding separate talks with ministers.

Ambulance workers on the picket line in Bournemouth, Dorset

Last week thousands of nurses in England suspended a series of strikes after health secretary Steve Barclay said he would meet leaders of the Royal College of Nursing for "intensive talks" over pay.

That angered members of other health unions who accused ministers of "playing a dangerous game" by pursuing a "divide and rule strategy".

Tens of thousands ambulance workers had vowed to escalate strike action as a result, with members of the GMB union saying they would start to cut back cover for "category two" 999 calls, including heart attacks and strokes.

The government signalled a change in its approach this week when it said it was prepared to negotiate through the NHS staff council - a body made up of representatives from all 14 major health unions, NHS trusts, NHS England and the Department of Health and Social Care itself.

Ministers said negotiations could only start if industrial action was suspended.

The decision by three unions - the GMB, Unison and the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy - to pause strikes planned for this month now means "intensive talks" are expected to start early next week.

"We're pleased that agenda for change unions representing the majority of ambulance workers, nurses, physiotherapists, porters, cleaners and other non-medical staff have agreed to pause strikes and enter a process of intensive talks,"

A Department of Health spokesperson said: "We want to start these talks as soon as possible and are ready to meet over the weekend.

"We want to find a fair and reasonable settlement that recognises the vital role of NHS workers, the wider economic pressures facing the UK and the prime minister's priority to halve inflation.

"It is disappointing Unite is going ahead with strikes next week. We urge them to call off strikes and join other unions at the negotiating table."

Tens of thousands of junior doctors are also expected to strike in England for 72 hours between March 13 and 15.

RMT general secretary Mick Lynch (third from right) joins members of his union on Saturday outside Euston station

Rail passengers have faced travel disruption on the day of the Eurovision Song Contest final as RMT union members strike again in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.

Transport Secretary Mark Harper said the strikes were "cynically targeting" the final, taking place in Liverpool on Saturday night.

But the RMT denies planning strikes to coincide with the event in Liverpool.

It said Saturday was chosen for a strike as it was the last date allowed under employment laws.

There will be no further strike action until 31 May.

Train companies warned passengers should be prepared for disruption on the days immediately after the strikes.

Train drivers who are part of a different union, Aslef, went on strike on Friday, with some parts of England having no trains all day. It also denies planning strikes to impact Eurovision.

Merseyrail, which operates trains around Liverpool, said it was unaffected by Saturday's strikes and would run late night services.

Most train companies travelling to and from Liverpool had a limited service as a result of the strike action, according to National Rail.

Speaking at a picket line outside London Euston station, Mr Lynch said was the last Saturday of the union's six-month mandate in which it could strike.

He then told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme: "We've not targeted Wembley or Liverpool or any of the activities that people get up to" - a reference to both Eurovision and to the football National League play-off final at Wembley on Saturday afternoon.

He said the union "wouldn't target a cup final", but did not rule out considering strikes taking place on 3 June, when the men's FA Cup final and Scottish Cup final will be held.

Future strike dates could be announced as early as next week, he said, adding that the union was available to meet with the government and employers at any time to try to agree a deal.

He has written to the transport secretary calling for an special summit between ministers, train companies and unions to end chaos on the railways.

In a statement, the Department for Transport said RMT members should be allowed to vote on the latest pay offer.

"Since coming into office, ministers have met with the RMT leadership four times and helped facilitate three fair pay offers from employers," it said.

"It's now time for unions to give their members democratic say on their future."

The following rail operators will be impacted:

The Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents 14 train companies, said rail users should plan ahead and check services before travel. It warned that with fewer services running there would be "wide variations".

Rebecca Dane-Alderman was planning to travel from Milton Keynes to Worthing to watch the Eurovision final with her best friend - a tradition they have shared every year, except for during the coronavirus pandemic.

She said most of Friday was spent trying to find alternative routes, but they were unsuccessful, so instead will watch it in separate locations over a video call.

She told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme: "Most of yesterday I was quite sad and I felt quite devastated by it all.

"I know there are bigger problems in the world, but it was just something that, like I said is a tradition to us, and we were really looking forward to doing."

The RDG offered rail workers a backdated pay rise of 5% for 2022, with a second year's pay rise was dependent on reforms being negotiated.

Mr Harper has called on the RMT to allow its members to have a vote on the offer that the RDG has put forward.

But Mr Lynch said the RDG had "torpedoed" the talks aimed at ending the long-running dispute because agreement would have prohibited further industrial action.

He told BBC One's Breakfast: "We haven't got enough people, and our members, and Aslef members, are having to work extended shifts, extra days, six and seven days out of the week, when they're sick and tired of it."

Responding in a statement, the RDG said the RMT had "time and time again... blocked the deal negotiated line by line by its top team from going out to its membership for a vote".

It said in a statement it was "time the union leadership and executive finally agreed on what they want from these negotiations".

Meanwhile, train drivers with Aslef have rejected a two-year offer which would see members receive a backdated pay rise of 4% for 2022 and a 4% increase this year.

However, there has been some resolution between the rail industry and the unions. A revised offer from Network Rail, which owns and operates the UK's railway infrastructure, was accepted by RMT members on 20 March, ending that separate dispute.

Aslef drivers will strike again on 31 May and 3 June, affecting services across on the day of the FA Cup final in England and the Scottish Cup final.

How are you affected by the latest round of rail strikes? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The closing speeches of the Agreement 25 conference hailed the renewal of relationships between London, Dublin and Brussels.

Rishi Sunak described his Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar as “my friend”, and paid tribute to the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen for helping create the “breakthrough moment” of the Windsor Framework.

Von der Leyen underlined the improvement of UK-EU relations since Sunak became prime minister, saying “we agreed to focus on the road ahead, rather than past disagreements”.

Varadkar noted an observation made by many involved in the peace process in recent weeks - that “Northern Ireland works best when the British and Irish governments work together”.

Varadkar and Sunak echoed each other in referring to the late David Trimble’s Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech - referring to hills ahead, but mountains behind.

The theme was clear - the difficult relations in the years following the Brexit referendum were now in the past.

The strengthening of bonds between international leaders may help increase the pressure for a restoration of Northern Ireland’s devolved government.

But ultimately Sunak, Varadkar and von der Leyen do not have the power to bring back power-sharing in Belfast.

The rules of cross-community consensus in the peace settlement mean a Stormont Executive can be formed only when unionists and nationalists agree to take part together - and there is no imminent sign the Democratic Unionist Party is planning to lift its veto.

The researchers studied more than 600 species of birds and mammals

Ambitious targets to halt the decline in nature may already be slipping out of reach, a study suggests.

Scientists say the effects of climate change and habitat loss on animal populations have been underestimated.

They say bringing back wildlife may take longer than expected and that unless we act now global biodiversity targets will be out of reach.

In December almost 200 countries agreed to halt the decline in nature by the end of the decade.

They set ambitious goals to halt the loss of biodiversity and protect 30% of lands and seas by 2030.

Clearing of forest and natural land is one of the biggest drivers of biodiversity loss

"What this analysis is highlighting is that it's even harder than we think [to meet the targets]" said Dr Robin Freeman of ZSL's Institute of Zoology in London.

"We need to act more urgently and more quickly, and tackle more things to achieve them."

The study, published in the Royal Society journal, Proceedings B, analysed trends in populations of more than 600 different species of birds and mammals.

The scientists found that past modelling work had largely ignored time lags of decades before the effects of drivers such as climate change and habitat loss kick in.

This means we may be further down the line towards biodiversity loss than we thought.

"We've seen delayed effects of up to 40 years for large mammals and birds," Dr Freeman told BBC News.

"And that means that the longer we wait to take action the longer it will take to see any kind of response."

Some bird populations, such as geese, are set to recover while others face a bleak future

On the plus side, the research suggests immediate action on such things as unsustainable hunting and over-exploitation of natural resources will have immediate and far-ranging benefits.

More plants and animals are going extinct than at any other point in human history.

In December countries signed up to a landmark agreement setting global goals to address biodiversity loss.

A total of 188 governments including the UK committed to global targets for 2030, from reducing global food waste by half to phasing out subsidies that harm biodiversity.

There were desperate scenes in the final days of the US troop withdrawal from Afghanistan

US President Joe Biden's administration has blamed its chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan on his predecessor, Donald Trump, in a new report.

A 12-page summary of the report says Mr Biden was "severely constrained" by Mr Trump's decisions, including a 2020 deal with the Taliban to end the war.

But the report also acknowledges that the government should have begun the evacuation of civilians earlier.

Mr Trump responded that the White House was playing a "disinformation game".

Thirteen US soldiers and nearly 200 Afghans were killed as US troops scrambled to evacuate more than 120,000 people in a matter of days.

A review of decisions and actions leading up to the withdrawal, conducted by the State Department and the Pentagon, was sent privately to Congress on Thursday.

Republicans in the US House of Representatives, who are investigating the pull-out, had been demanding to see the report for weeks.

The document remains confidential, but a summary of its conclusions - put together by the White House National Security Council with input from President Biden himself - has been made available to the public.

When the Afghan government collapsed, there were desperate scenes at Kabul airport as huge crowds tried to flee the Taliban.

On 26 August, an attack at the airport by two suicide bombers killed 170 Afghans and 13 US soldiers.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. US Marine to Congress in March on Afghan pull-out: "There was an inexcusable lack of accountability"

The US carried out a drone strike in Kabul days later, saying it had targeted a suicide bomber, only to admit that the missile had killed 10 civilians, including seven children.

British troops were also involved in the withdrawal, which Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said at the time had put the UK "in a very difficult position".

On Thursday, President Biden's national security spokesman, John Kirby, blamed the chaos on a depleted operation in Afghanistan inherited from the Trump administration.

The report refers to "neglect - and in some cases deliberate degradation" by the Trump administration.

Mr Kirby said that phrase refers to the agreement the former president had struck with the insurgents a year earlier in Qatar to end the war, as well as the drawdown of US troops during Mr Trump's tenure, the freeing of thousands of Taliban prisoners and the hollowing out of the visa program used to evacuate Afghan allies.

"Transitions matter," said Mr Kirby, as he presented a summary of the report. "That's the first lesson learned here. And the incoming administration wasn't afforded much of one."

Mr Trump shot back on social media within hours of the report's release, accusing "Morons in the White House" of playing "a new disinformation game - Blame "TRUMP" for their grossly incompetent SURRENDER in Afghanistan".

"Biden is responsible, no one else!" he said.

Michael McCaul, the top-ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, also slammed the administration for a "brazen whitewashing of their failure in Afghanistan".

The report implies that the evacuation of Americans and Afghans who had assisted with the war effort could have started sooner.

"We now prioritize earlier evacuations when faced with a degrading security situation," it says on page seven.

But the report faults the Afghan government and military for these delays, together with US military and intelligence community assessments.

Mr Kirby said that Mr Biden had "acted on the best military judgment and the best assessments from the intelligence community" but "some of those assessments turned out to be wrong".

He refused to say if the president regretted how the withdrawal was carried out, adding: "For all this talk of chaos, I just didn't see it."

Following the fall of Kabul, the Biden administration received searing criticism at home and abroad. Many expressed anger over the abandonment of Afghans and of US weaponry.

Some lessons had been learned from the end of the war in Afghanistan, especially around the failure to predict the sudden collapse of the Afghan government, Mr Kirby said.

He added this had influenced the US policy of supporting Ukraine ahead of Russia's invasion.

At a heated White House press briefing, Mr Kirby was forced to defend the timing of the release just ahead of a holiday weekend in the US.

Pushed on whether any officials involved with the withdrawal would be removed from their posts as a result of the report, Mr Kirby said its purpose "is not accountability".

People walk from an RNLI boat on Dungeness beach in April 2023

Lifeboats were launched to rescue migrants in the English Channel 290 times last year, the RNLI has said.

The charity has published details of its work on migrant crossings for the first time.

The RNLI, which has been criticised as running a "taxi service" for migrants, said it had saved 108 lives in the Channel, between France and the Kent coast.

Its chief executive said he made no apology for saving lives at sea.

Lifeboats, which are staffed by volunteer crews, were launched more than 9,000 times around the coast of the UK and Ireland in 2022.

Rescues of migrants in the Channel were launched 290 times, meaning small boat crossings now make up 3% of the RNLI's work.

Crews are facing increasingly traumatic scenes when they are sent to rescue a small boat.

Simon Ling, the RNLI's head of lifeboats, told the BBC: "We've had babies thrown at our lifeboats, women screaming, men screaming.

"It's a very chaotic situation. Our crews are trained how to manage that and how to quickly get into rescue mode."

A total of 1,100 small boats made the crossing last year, according to a count kept by BBC News, meaning a lifeboat was called to rescue about one in every four of them.

There were some deaths, including when a boat capsized in December, killing four people.

Help from the charity's 238 lifeboat stations is requested by coastguard officers.

Lifeboats from nine stations around the Sussex and Kent coast, from Hastings to Whitstable, are those most frequently involved in migrant rescues.

The former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has criticised the RNLI as a "taxi service for illegal immigration", although the response to such public criticism has included an increase in donations.

The charity's annual report for 2022 reveals a net increase in income of 3.5%, some of which came from higher donations - although costs also rose.

Some of the money has been spent on developing a new device called "sea stairs", a floating platform which allows crews to rescue people from the water more quickly.

Mr Ling described the floating platform as a "game-changer".

He said a traditional rescue of a stricken small boat would take about one minute per person, while the sea stairs allowed 20 people to be taken from the water in 90 seconds.

Monday's total of 616 people coming across in small boats means 8,380 migrants have made the crossing so far in 2023.

A cryptocurrency project described as being "dystopian" has been launched by AI entrepreneur Sam Altman.

Worldcoin gives people digital coins in exchange for a scan of their eyeballs.

In sites around the world thousands of people queued to gaze into silver orbs on day one of the project's full launch.

The BBC visited a scanning site in London where people received free crypto tokens after going through the process.

Mr Altman, the chief executive of Open AI which built chat bot ChatGPT says he hopes the initiative will help confirm if someone is a human or a robot.

"Worldcoin could drastically increase economic opportunity, scale a reliable solution for distinguishing humans from AI online while preserving privacy," Mr Altman claimed in a launch letter on the company website.

Worldcoin also claims that its system could pave the way for an "AI-funded" universal basic income. But it's not clear how.

The concept of a universal basic income sees all citizens paid a set salary regardless of their means.

The first step in this crypto utopia as laid out by Worldcoin though relies on getting millions, maybe even billions, of people to scan their irises to prove they are a human.

Since testing of the scanners began two years ago, Worldcoin says more than two million people have been added to the crypto database in 33 different countries.

According to the company most sign ups have happened in Europe, India and southern Africa.

Despite the company's American foundation, the crypto coins are not being offered to US citizens due to regulatory concerns.

Now that the project has fully launched and the crypto tokens are available to claim and to trade, it's expected to grow even more popular.

Worldcoin posted a picture online of people queuing at a site in Japan and said it plans to roll out 1,500 Orbs in locations across the globe.

The BBC went to try it out at a pop-up site in east London and found a steady stream of people turning up.

The process starts with scanning your face and iris to prove you are a person. It takes about 10 seconds to stare into the Orb's camera lens and wait for a beep to confirm it has worked. Interestingly the Orb operator says the silver ball used to talk to users - but customer feedback described it as "creepy" so they removed the voice.

The next step is that your iris scan is given a unique number which is checked against the giant database to make sure it's the first time you've done it. If so, the ball beeps again and you are now on the database along with 2.06 million other humans at the time of writing.

25 free Worldcoin tokens are awarded on completion which are currently valued at roughly $2 (£1.56) each. The BBC will sell the coins once they are received and donate any money to Children in Need.

By the time the BBC left the pop up site, 13 people had been scanned. All were men in their 20s and 30s.

"I came after seeing Sam Altman tweeting about the launch," said 37-year-old Moses Serumaga.

'It's good to be early to these things,' said Moses Serumaga after getting his iris scanned in exchange for crypto tokens.

"I saw that you could get some dollars for it so I thought why not? It could die like other crypto projects or it could be a big thing and go up in value. I didn't want to miss out," he said.

23-year-old Tom also scanned his eyeball but said he didn't do it for the money as he doesn't think the value of the tokens will rise.

"I don't think that amount of money is enough of an incentive unless you live in less developed nations and I don't think there's much possibility of it going up further really," he said.

The scanning process has proven controversial with reports criticising some of the tactics used by orb operators who are paid in commission, with particular concern over those getting sign ups in poorer nations.

Privacy experts also worry that sensitive data gathered from scanning a person's iris might get in to the wrong hands, even though Worldcoin insists that no data is stored.

Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin wrote a lengthy blog about his concerns and optimism about Worldcoin

Vitalik Buterin, the co founder of cryptocurrency network Ethereum, responded to the Worldcoin launch expressing excitement about the project but also issuing a warning about its potential pitfalls.

"On the whole, despite the "dystopian vibez" of staring into an Orb and letting it scan deeply into your eyeballs, it does seem like specialized hardware systems can do quite a decent job of protecting privacy," he said.

However, he also says that relying on the specialised orbs to carry out the scans could give Worldcoin too much power and make it hard to get the world on-board.

Twitter founder and crypto enthusiast Jack Dorsey tweeted an apparent criticism of the project, describing its mission as "cute", and adding the dystopian warning: "Visit the Orb or the Orb will visit you...".

Mr Altman welcomed criticism, saying online that "haters" give his team energy. But he admitted the project was ambitious.

"Maybe it works out and maybe it doesn't, but trying stuff like this is how progress happens," he tweeted.

Smoke was pictured billowing over hills on the Spanish island on Saturday

Thousands of residents of La Palma in the Canary Islands have been urged to leave their homes as emergency workers try to bring a wildfire under control.

The blaze began early on Saturday and has already consumed 4,500 hectares (11,100 acres) of land and at least a dozen homes.

Around 400 troops from various agencies are on the ground tackling the blaze.

Officials said some 4,255 people had been evacuated but that others were declining to leave.

It comes less than two years after a volcano erupted on the island, destroying thousands of homes.

Fernando Clavijo, president of the Canary Islands regional government, said there was "resistance to abandoning the houses" but that the priority had to be saving lives.

"People come first, then the houses, and then [extinguishing the fire]," he said.

The blaze began in the area of El Pinar in the north-western municipality of Puntagorda, before spreading south towards the town of Tijarafe.

Mr Clavijo attributed its quick spread to "the wind, the climate conditions as well as the heatwave that we are living through".

Late on Saturday, he said its progress had slowed but that it remained out of control.

A seaplane was used to tackle the fire before nightfall. A second will join the operation on Sunday, local media have reported.

The Spanish army has deployed 150 of its firefighters and a further unit is expected to follow. The Red Cross has also set up a facility to assist evacuees.

Writing on Twitter, Spanish president Pedro Sánchez said he had spoken to Mr Clavijo to convey his "solidarity with the people affected" by the fire and put "all the necessary means" at the disposal of La Palma's authorities.

Speaking to the BBC World Service, resident Leon Barreto expressed a reluctance to evacuate.

"The civil guard comes here and wants to force you to leave your home," he said.

"They want to force you to lose everything you have worked for all your life, and to leave and let it burn because it's protocol. But then they don`t have the protocol to act the way they should act."

The fire comes amid a heatwave that has brought soaring temperatures to much of southern Europe and which is expected to continue into the coming week.

Periods of intense heat occur within natural weather patterns, but globally they are becoming more frequent, more intense and are lasting longer due to global warming.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Royalist and republican protesters gathered on the Royal Mile

Protesters chanting "not my king" gathered in Edinburgh ahead of King Charles' thanksgiving service.

Republican as well as royalist activists lined the Royal Mile where the King's cavalcade passed on the way to St Giles' Cathedral.

Another anti-monarchy group hosted a rally outside Holyrood, which was attended by Greens co-leaders Patrick Harvie and Lorna Slater.

Police Scotland later confirmed four people had been arrested.

They included two women, aged 20 and 21, who were arrested for breach of the peace after allegedly attempting to climb over a crowd safety barrier on the Royal Mile.

The force said one man was also arrested for theft, while another was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant.

Three men and one woman were initially arrested for alleged threatening behaviour and failing to desist, but this was later changed to a recorded police warning.

Blacked-out barriers which are about 6ft (72in) in height were erected outside St Giles' where the service took place.

During the thanksgiving ceremony the King was presented with the Scottish crown jewels to mark his Coronation.

Black screens have been installed around St Giles' Cathedral

Grant McKenzie, from the Republic anti-monarchy pressure group, told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme his group would be vocal at the event, which he described as "undemocratic."

He said: "It's being forced upon us, we've got an unprecedented cost of living crisis.

"I don't think the public in the UK are particularly interested in their tax payer money being put towards a parade up and down the Royal Mile in Edinburgh - it's tone deaf.

"Of course people are going to be able to enjoy it if that's what they want to do. Protests by their very nature are disruptive, we will be making ourselves visible and heard."

Mr Harvie, who is the Scottish government's minister for zero carbon buildings, active travel and tenants' rights, addressed the Our Republic rally outside the Scottish Parliament.

He told the crowd: "It's really important for those who want an elected head of state to be heard."

The MSP said it was extraordinary to be "lavishing taxpayers money on some of the wealthiest people in the world so they can play some kind of Game of Thrones".

He added: "Passing unearned wealth from generation to generation is fundamentally at odds with the democratic society we are trying to build."

Assistant Chief Constable Tim Mairs, police lead for the event, said: "This significant constitutional event took place safely without any disruption to the ceremony or people's procession.

"Safety was our priority and a number of actions were taken to ensure this, which included an open approach to engaging with potential protest groups."

In the build-up to the event the force said it sought to strike a balance between the right to protest and public safety.

Assistant Chief Constable Mairs added: "I would like to thank the overwhelming majority of protestors who engaged with us and also our officers whose professionalism helped ensure the safe delivery of this event for everyone who attended."

Patrick Harvie spoke to journalists at the rally outside Holyrood

As well as those protesting the ceremony, crowds hoping to catch a glimpse of the monarch and people's procession also lined the streets.

One of those in attendance was royal fan Sheila Clark, from Newton Mearns.

Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland, she said: "I'm as close to St Giles' as I possibly could be.

"It's a very special moment for me personally, I've followed the new King all my life really.

"I think it's an important part of our heritage throughout Britain and particularly in Scotland, because the King's roots are Scottish. His mother was Scottish, his grandmother was Scottish and I think Scotland is an important part of the United Kingdom."

Russian state-controlled TV has embarked on an apparent campaign to discredit Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin in the wake of his failed mutiny in late June.

Key channels showed what they said were images taken during searches at his opulent home outside St Petersburg, arguing that his riches reflected very badly on him.

They also recalled his criminal past and suggested that he was driven by greed, but failed to mention Prigozhin's persistent and often crude criticism of Russia's military and of how it pursues the war in Ukraine.

This is the first time that the state media machine's reporting of Prigozhin has been so prolific, so personal and so full of damaging details about his biography.

Until recently, Russian TV would portray a positive image of the Wagner mercenary group, which has fought alongside the Russian military during its invasion of Ukraine.

Photos said to be from inside Prigozhin's house appeared on state-run network Rossiya 1 on 5 July.

Officials released shots of what they said was the opulent interior of Prigozhin's home

"Let's have a look how this fighter for the truth lived, someone who has two criminal convictions and who kept claiming that everyone else was a thief," said a commentator on 60 Minutes, a talk show.

"Let's have a look at the palace built for this campaigner against corruption and crime," Eduard Petrov said sarcastically.

The footage showed piles of cash, various weapons, the house's opulent interiors and vast gardens - complete with a parked helicopter, an assortment of wigs and apparently fake passports issued to Prigozhin in different names.

A cupboard of wigs was pictured during the alleged raid on Prigozhin's house

Later, similar footage was shown as part of the channel's main evening news bulletin, one of the most popular in Russia. It also featured ingots of gold and "suspicious packets of white powder", which Rossiya 1 suggested could be an illegal drug.

It also dwelt at length on Prigozhin's criminal past.

He received his first criminal conviction in 1979, aged just 18, and got a suspended two-and-a-half year sentence for theft. Two years later, he was sentenced to 13 years in jail for robbery and theft, nine of which he served behind bars.

"They say that it is the experience and connections he received from crime lords behind bars which helped him walk the path from a hot dog seller to an authoritative master of cauldrons and pans," Rossiya 1's correspondent quipped, referring to Prigozhin's past role as a caterer for the Kremlin.

This role also earned him the nickname "Kremlin's chef".

One of the photos shown by Russian state TV showed a sledgehammer with the inscription "Use in case of important negotiations". This appears to be a reference to the brutal killing with a sledgehammer of a man Wagner accused of betrayal in November 2022.

Writing on the sledgehammer appeared to read: "In case of important negotiations."

On the same evening, state TV's Channel One suggested that Yevgeny Prigozhin was linked to Western intelligence, which was now "too shy" to admit involvement in his apparent mutiny.

NTV, one of Russia's three most-watched television stations, argued that he was driven by greed and criminal past.

"What happened has obvious roots in his personality, business interests and his crime-ridden past," it said. As for Prigozhin's alleged riches, "fighting for truth costs a lot of money", NTV quipped.

Until several months after the start of Russia's full-scale war on Ukraine, officials, media and Prigozhin's own press service denied Wagner existed.

For a period of time afterwards, state TV celebrated Wagner's involvement in the "special military operation" in Ukraine.

Mentions of Wagner had all but disappeared from state media by the time Prigozhin embarked on his "march for justice", vowing to punish Russian military commanders whom he accused of incompetence.

Vast quantities of cash and gold bars were also reportedly found in the search

Prigozhin himself, who has fallen almost completely silent on social media after his apparent mutiny, has not commented on the images.

But one channel linked to Wagner argued that it was not unusual for a businessman as wealthy as Prigozhin to own an expensive home: "What's the wow factor here, then?" it asked.

After previously denying there were any links between Wagner and the state, President Vladimir Putin - speaking shortly after Prigozhin's mutiny failed - said the state fully funded the military company, spending an equivalent of about $1bn (£787m) on it in May 2022 to May 2023 alone.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Ros Atkins considers the key questions over the whereabouts of Yevgeny Prigozhin

Adam Price took over as party leader in autumn 2018

Adam Price said Plaid Cymru's "time has come" when he took over as leader five years ago.

His victory was not unexpected - with his imposing presence and strong oratory skills, Mr Price had long been regarded as a future leader.

But he departs after a report heavily criticised the workplace culture that existed in his party, alleging harassment, bullying and misogyny.

A miner's son from the Amman Valley, Adam Price's politics were shaped by the long miners' strike of the mid-1980s.

He became an MP in 2001, representing Carmarthen East and Dinefwr, and made his mark in Westminster by leading an unsuccessful attempt to impeach the then prime minister, Tony Blair, over claims that Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.

Mr Price stood down as an MP in 2010 before going to study at the prestigious Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in the US.

In 2016 he returned to frontline politics - this time in Cardiff Bay, still representing his home constituency.

One campaign leaflet that year famously described him as an "X-factor politician" and the "mab darogan" (the son of prophecy) - a figure from Welsh mythology who it is said will redeem Wales in its hour of need.

Adam Price and other party leaders meeting the Prince of Wales at the Senedd last year

Two years later he ousted Leanne Wood and became the first openly gay leader of a Welsh political party.

Mr Price described the decision to challenge one of his "oldest friends in politics" as "the most difficult thing I've had to wrestle with in my political life".

Ms Wood would later tell the BBC that the move led to the collapse of their friendship.

In a departure from his predecessor's approach, Mr Price put the notoriously tricky subject of independence at the heart of his political plan, pledging to hold a referendum on the issue by 2030.

But at the snap general election of December 2019 the party found itself squeezed out of the Brexit-dominated debate, and though Plaid held on to its four seats in Westminster, its share of the vote fell back and it came a disappointing third in its main target seat of Ynys Môn.

Labour First Minister Mark Drakeford and Adam Price signed a co-operation deal in late 2021

And so to the 2021 Senedd election, where independence would be front and centre of the party's campaign.

Ahead of the vote, Mr Price said that he would count anything less than becoming first minister as a "failure", and he ruled out working with the Conservatives and joining a coalition with Labour as a junior partner.

But the party slipped back into third place, losing its grip on the Rhondda seat held by Ms Wood, as it struggled to compete with the favourable response towards the Labour First Minister Mark Drakeford's leadership during the pandemic.

Months later, and with Mr Drakeford having fallen just short of a majority in the Senedd, Mr Price formed a co-operation agreement with the Welsh Labour government.

This was to be a new kind of deal, and one which would allow Plaid Cymru to push through some of its key policies, including Senedd expansion, the extension of free school meals, and free childcare for two year-olds.

And that's why in the run-up to last May's Welsh local elections Mr Price - by now a father of two young children - was able to claim his party was "making a difference", and had "snatched a moral victory from the mawing jaws of defeat".

By the end of the year the party was engulfed by claims of a toxic culture within Plaid and criticism of the leadership's handling of the situation.

That culminated in a report by Nerys Evans which said the party had tolerated "too many instances of bad behaviour".

Mr Price initially insisted he would remain in post, arguing that quitting would be "abdicating" his responsibility.

However a week on Mr Price has announced that he will step down and so it will be up to his successor to address the issues raised by the report and set a course for the party into the general election.

The White House has called Fox News presenter Tucker Carlson "not credible" after he made a number of claims based on previously unseen footage from the 2021 Capitol riots.

The criticism echoes similar statements this week from leading Democrat and Republican lawmakers.

Mr Carlson showed unseen clips from the riots on his show this week.

He argued the footage "does not show an insurrection or a riot in progress" but rather "mostly peaceful chaos".

A top congressional Republican recently gave Mr Carlson and his team exclusive access to more than 40,000 hours of surveillance video from the Capitol.

The White House rarely criticises journalists by name but weighed in with a statement on Wednesday about the prime-time TV host's broadcast related to the footage.

Spokesperson Andrew Bates said the White House agreed with critics, including the "chief of the Capitol Police and the wide range of bipartisan lawmakers" that "condemned this false depiction of the unprecedented, violent attack".

"We also agree with what Fox News's own attorneys and executives have now repeatedly stressed in multiple courts of law: that Tucker Carlson is not credible."

On his Wednesday broadcast, Mr Carlson showed no new footage but repeated his previous claims and criticised government officials who stated that five police officers died as a result of the riot.

One Capitol Police officer died of a stroke the day after the riot, while four others subsequently took their own lives.

Mr Carlson, the top-rated host on conservative Fox News, has long insisted that other media outlets exaggerated violence at the Capitol on 6 January 2021, when Trump supporters stormed the complex as lawmakers met to certify Joe Biden's victory in the presidential election.

He has also suggested, without evidence, that government agents could have instigated the riot.

In the roughly 45-minute segment, Mr Carlson said the video showed that while a minority of protesters did commit violence, most were "sightseers".

His show on Tuesday night included an interview with Tarik Johnson, a former Capitol Police officer who said he donned a pro-Trump red hat during the riot in order to help fellow officers escape the melee.

Mr Carlson questioned why intelligence about possible violence that day wasn't relayed to rank-and-file officers, but he did not broadcast much new video from the riot.

Criticism of Fox News reporting came from Democrats as well as top Republicans in Washington, the head of the Capitol police, and the family of a police officer whose death was mentioned by Mr Carlson in the show.

Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday it had been a "mistake for Fox News to depict this in a way that's completely at variance with what our chief law enforcement official here at the Capitol thinks" about the riot.

Mr McConnell pointed to an internal memo by Capitol Police Chief Tom Manger, whose agency is responsible for protecting the buildings where the lawmakers meet.

In that memo, Mr Manger says the primetime Monday broadcast was "filled with offensive and misleading conclusions about the January 6 attack".

"The programme conveniently cherry-picked from the calmer moments of our 41,000 hours of video," he wrote.

"The commentary fails to provide context about the chaos and violence that happened before or during these less tense moments."

During Monday's programme, the Fox host showed footage of the "QAnon Shaman" - a man named Jacob Chansley and also known as Jake Angeli - wandering around the Capitol building trailed by police officers who show no signs, at least in the clips broadcast, of attempting to stop or arrest him.

Chansley, who was bare-chested and wearing a headdress made of fur and horns that day, became one of the most recognisable figures from the Capitol riot.

He pleaded guilty in September 2021 to obstructing an official proceeding and is currently serving a 41-month prison sentence.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Jacob Chansley spoke from jail about his role in the Capitol riots.

Mr Carlson said the videos - which have not been viewed by the BBC or any other media organisation in full - showed that police had acted as Chansley's "tour guide".

This version of events was rejected by Mr Manger, who called the allegation "outrageous and false".

"Those officers did their best to use de-escalation tactics to try to talk rioters into getting each other to leave the building," he wrote.

The justice department says about 140 police officers were assaulted that day.

Around 1,000 people have been arrested so far in connection with the riot, most of them charged with entering or remaining in a restricted federal building, according to justice department figures.

More than 300 have been charged with assaulting, resisting, or impeding officers or employees, including more than 100 who have been charged with using a deadly or dangerous weapon or causing serious bodily injury to a police officer.

Mr Carlson also focused on Capitol Police officer Brian Sicknick, who collapsed after returning to his office during the siege and died the next day.

Fox News showed footage of Mr Sicknick continuing to perform his duties inside the Capitol after being pepper-sprayed.

"Whatever happened to Brian Sicknick was very obviously not to do with the violence he suffered outside the Capitol," Mr Carlson said.

In April 2021, a medical examiner found that Mr Sicknick had died of natural causes from a medical condition not brought on by an injury.

On Tuesday, Mr Sicknick's family issued a statement saying they were "outraged" at the coverage and lambasted the network as "propaganda".

Jenner Ellis with daughter Tanya in Florence in 2005

When Jenner Ellis died of ovarian cancer in 2010 the specific mutation of the BRCA1 gene linked to Orkney had not yet been identified.

It was known that certain mutations carried a higher risk of ovarian and breast cancer but the one Jenner had was not thought to be one of them.

It was years later that researchers contacted her husband and children to say they thought they had found a new high-risk gene mutation and it was the one Jenner had carried.

After years of research, a study published last month suggests that one in 100 people with grandparents from Orkney has a specific mutation of the BRCA1 gene.

It found that most of them could trace their family ancestry back to the island of Westray.

Jenner grew up in Kirkwall on Orkney and her great grandparents were from Westray.

Jenner's husband Dennis and her daughter Tanya said it was important to get tested

Her husband Dennis says that when Jenner was tested in 2010 they were told the BRCA1 mutation was not of any note or significance.

"At that time they did not know this other mutation had any medical effects," Dennis says.

"So there was a sense of relief which turned out to be unfortunately not based in reality."

All three of Jenner and Dennis's children were tested for the new Orkney mutation and found not to have it.

This included his son. Although men are at a lower risk from the gene mutation, they can pass it on to their children.

Dennis's daughter Tanya says she was in her late 20s and did not have children but was keen to take the genetic test.

She says testing is not something people usually want to go through but it is worth it to find out either way.

"The clarification that you don't carry it is great," she says.

"But then to know that you do gives you all those choices, whether it is preventative surgery or just being monitored."

Jenner and Tanya in Orkney in 2002

Dennis says it is also important to know whether you are passing the gene mutation to your children, an option his wife did not have.

He says if you don't have the gene mutation it can't be passed on.

"Both you and your children can breathe a big sigh of relief," he says.

Dennis says "Ovarian cancer is the silent killer. There is no real warning. There is no screening you can do for it."

Jenner thought the symptoms were irritable bowel until it persisted and became painful. By then she had secondary cancer in the bowel and it was too late to treat with anything other than chemotherapy.

She lived 11 years from her initial diagnosis but eventually died in 2010, at the age of 58.

Testing will shortly begin for adults with Westray grandparents living on Westray, but Prof Zosia Miedzbrodska of the University of Aberdeen, who carried out the research, says they have had people contacting them from all over the world.

"We had to let NHS Grampian to take the limiter off the mailbox for phone messages. We have had since then some 200 phone calls to the helpline and somewhere like 400 email queries.

"At least half of the contacts have come from outside Scotland."

Hijackers crashed two airliners into the World Trade Center on 11 September, 2001

Tony Blair was warned there could be a UK terrorist attack "even more appalling" than 9/11, declassified government documents have revealed.

Days after the 2001 US attacks, the then prime minister was told of the dangers of weapons of mass destruction.

In the letter, ex-defence minister Sir John Stanley said he was almost certain terrorists would get a "dirty" bomb.

The papers also reveal how Baroness Thatcher wrote to Mr Blair to praise his "resolve" following the attacks.

Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the four attacks on the US on 11 September 2001. Hijackers had crashed two airliners into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center, and a third hit the Pentagon, the headquarters of the US Department of Defense.

The fourth plane crashed in Pennsylvania after a passenger revolt.

A few months after the 9/11 attacks, the newly released files reveal Mr Blair was warmly praised by a political opponent - ex-Conservative prime minister Margaret Thatcher.

"I greatly admire the resolve you are showing," ran her handwritten note, dated April 2002. She said Mr Blair had shown Britain was a "staunch defender of liberty" and "a loyal ally of America".

"That is the very best reputation our country can have," she wrote, with the words firmly underlined in her blue felt pen.

Other stories from the National Archives:

Baroness Thatcher praised Tony Blair for his support of the US

However, the papers reveal Mr Blair had earlier been given a stark warning about the terrorist threat to the UK.

Writing privately to the prime minister in the days after the 9/11 attacks, Tory MP Sir John Stanley said it "was not in the national security interest" to put some of the points he wanted to raise in the public domain.

Sir John highlighted the 1995 Sarin attack on the Japanese underground, which had killed 12 people, and pointed out a 1998 Foreign Office intelligence assessment suggesting anthrax could kill millions in a British city.

It seemed "well nigh certain" that terrorist organisations would obtain a portable "dirty" nuclear device, he wrote, "if they have not done so already".

The 9/11 attacks prompted the then-Labour government to take immediate precautionary measures, boosting security at airports and government buildings. But Sir John Stanley believed there needed to be a more fundamental shift.

He urged the government to base security, civil defence, and intelligence policies on the assumption that "a terrorist WMD attack on one or more of the centres of population in the UK will be attempted, and attempted in the near and foreseeable future".

He said more money should go into national intelligence, and civil defence should be rebuilt to deal with the consequences of a WMD attack. There should be provision of vaccines, and anti-radiation supplies to increase the chances of survival in case of a biological chemical or nuclear attack, he wrote.

Sir John said there must be far closer surveillance and easier detention of suspect terrorists in the UK, and the government should have powers to determine security measures for building in private as well as public ownership.

Iain Duncan Smith, who had just become Conservative Party leader, followed up his colleague's letter, saying the view "from such a source" should be taken "with great seriousness".

Mr Blair responded by saying he had commissioned reviews of anti-terrorist measures immediately after the attack. He said it would take time to develop and introduce new systems but they'd be brought in "as quickly as possible".

He said the greatest threat was still from conventional attacks, rather than WMD.

Behind the scenes the government did take action. Many of the points raised by Sir John were addressed, though it's unclear if his particular intervention made an impact.

Sir David Omand was security and intelligence coordinator [Permanent Secretary] in the Cabinet Office from 2002 and established the CONTEST counter terrorism strategy.

Even before he arrived, work was well under way to prevent WMD attacks, or deal with them if they took place. For example, equipment was being developed to detect radioactive material at UK entry points - work which became known as "Operation Cyclamen".

Anti-viral drugs were stockpiled and decontamination vehicles procured. The Prevent strategy was established to try to stop people supporting terrorism.

According to Sir David, the emergency planning was often done quietly, because the government didn't want to "put people in fear".

Helen Holland was critically injured in a crash with a police motorcycle escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh on Wednesday

A woman who was critically injured in a crash with a police motorcycle escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh is in a coma in hospital, her family say.

Helen Holland, 81, was hit at the junction of West Cromwell Road and Warwick Road in Earl's Court, west London, at 15:20 BST on Wednesday.

Her family said they were "shocked and sickened" at her injuries.

The police watchdog said their investigation was in its early stages and evidence was being gathered.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct said Ms Holland was in a critical condition in hospital.

Ms Holland, from Birchanger, Essex, had been in London visiting her older sister on Wednesday, her family told the BBC.

Her son and daughter-in-law Martin and Lisa-Marie Holland said they were "shocked and sickened at her extensive injuries".

"She is being well cared for by the NHS who we must thank deeply for their help in keeping her alive," they added.

Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh, was "grateful for the swift response of emergency services", a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said

A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said on Thursday the duchess was "grateful for the swift response of emergency services and will keep abreast of developments".

"Further comment at this time would not be appropriate while the incident is being investigated," they added.

Buckingham Palace previously said the duchess's "heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the injured lady and her family".

The Directorate of Professional Standards has been notified about the crash.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

S Club 7 won two Brit Awards - but were never allowed a night off to attend the ceremony

The late 1990s and early 2000s saw an explosion of sugary, lightweight pop music, as record labels realised there was a market for something other than dreary indie bands with haircuts as dishevelled as their clothes.

Steps, Westlife, B*Witched, 5ive, S Club 7, Busted and Atomic Kitten topped the charts and sold out arenas with songs that captured the giddy inertia of teenagedom: Don't Stop Movin', Keep On Movin', Rollercoaster, Flying Without Wings.

In the pages of Smash Hits and Top of the Pops magazine, these bands seemed improbably glamorous. Then along came Michael Cragg to dispel the myths.

His new book, Reach For The Stars, is a history of British pop from 1996 to 2006 that lays bare the "mechanisms behind the manufactured pop juggernaut".

It's a story of exploitation, exhaustion and even fist fights.

Claire Richards from Steps recalls "starving myself for four-and-a-half years because I was told I had to lose weight on day one". Sugababe Mutya Buena was granted two weeks maternity leave before being shoved back "in the studio, breastfeeding at 5am". The boyband 5ive went from sharing a house to outright animosity in the space of 12 months.

"There were fist fights that spilled out into corridors," admits singer Ritchie Neville.

"The hours were brutal, and the schedule like no other," adds Hear'Say's Myleene Klass. "No rock stars would be able to keep up. It's hardcore."

5ive were designed as a "rougher" version of Boyzone - but they still got their own poseable dolls

And when it all ended, the fallout was extreme.

"Not knowing what was next was a huge shock," says S Club 7's Jo O'Meara.

"[S Club] was so military and then it stopped so quickly. We were told what to do, told where to go, told when I'm eating. I didn't know how to be without it."

Cragg, who has written for Vogue, GQ and The Guardian, spoke to more than 100 people for his book, uncovering scores of previously untold stories.

"I wanted to ask questions they weren't really asked at the time, when they were more likely to be asked what their favourite sandwich filling was," he says.

He discovered an industry that put "punishing" expectations on singers who'd barely left school.

"They were governed by the charts. If you didn't make the top five, it was like 'This is not enough.'

"I think now, people would be doing backflips if their debut single got to number eight, but back then there was a lot of money being spent, so the rewards had to be really high and quick."

Not that bands necessarily saw any of those rewards.

Sugababes' Keisha Buchanan reveals that she "got transferred £3,000" after the band signed "a million-pound deal".

"Even when the money was coming in," adds 5ive's Scott Robinson, "we were given £100 a week".

Steps were described by producer Pete Waterman as "Abba on speed"

There was one exception, says Cragg, in the form of line-dancing pop behemoth Steps.

"They'd all been [Butlins] Redcoats or had other jobs, so they understood what was going on a tiny bit more," he says.

"They knew that if they went to America to support Britney Spears, that the money would be coming out of their budget, so they were reluctant to do it at first.

"And that's interesting because most other people would have (a) been told they had to do it or (b) would have jumped at the chance and not thought about the finances. But Steps were a slight anomaly."

Although his book is presented as an oral history, Cragg's knowledge and affection for the music shines through every paragraph.

That's how he manages to unearth the real reason 5ive didn't get to record Baby... One More Time (they confidently told songwriter Max Martin it was awful), and to explain why the public turned against the original reality TV band Hear'Say.

"Popstars was done as a documentary, and people were incredibly upset when they launched as a band because they'd had a tiny makeover," he says.

"Suzanne got hair extensions and everyone was like, 'Oh my God, who she thinks she is?'"

Revisiting this decade-long flourish of British pop was more than just an academic exercise, however.

At the time, Cragg was a "closeted teenager" who hid his love of pop music behind a veneer of indie cool. In the opening prologue, he recounts making a pilgrimage to Dublin to see Scottish rockers Travis when, really, he wanted to gorge himself on Spice Girls memorabilia.

"I actually won those tickets," he says. "I entered a competition and I won and I took my friend and we stayed in a youth hostel where I got hit by an inflatable armchair.

"It's such a dark time in my life. I was hiding away from this music because I thought it revealed too much of me."

Writing the book was the first time he was able to "look back at the music [and] be happy to embrace it fully. And that was quite exciting."

Cragg showed an early interest in journalism. As a child, he'd watch the TV news and write down the details. In the era of MySpace, he started blogging music reviews, then took a job selling adverts for The Guardian, where he eventually plucked up the courage to pitch a festival review.

"It just sort of rolled from there," he says, reminiscing about his first ever interview, with Texas rock band Midlake, "one of whom was asleep".

"I was overly-prepared. I had 14 pages of questions and I literally sat there and read them out. It was not ideal."

Since then, he's honed his technique on everyone from Lady Gaga and Katy Perry to Miley Cyrus and Britney Spears.

"Once I started writing about pop music, I guess I jumped out of the closet," he laughs.

Michael Cragg made up for lost time by spending an eBay fortune on 2000s pop memorabilia he missed the first time around

Over the course of his career, the gravitational centre of music writing has shifted from glossy magazines to broadsheet newspapers, resulting in more serious-minded coverage. Nowadays, stars like Billie Eilish and Dua Lipa expected to have opinions on war and mental health and LGBTQ rights, instead of declaring their favourite colour.

Our conversation takes a long detour into the merits of this approach. Has the press stripped pop music of its glamour? Or did old-school magazines do 5ive and Sugababes a disservice by papering over the mental health crises that forced their founding members to quit?

"I think the mental health situation with those bands was the responsibility of the record labels and the people around them, not the journalists who were trying to sell this fun pop era to fans," Cragg says.

"These days, if you're going to be on the cover of a broadsheet supplement, there's definitely a pressure to talk about these incredibly large and heavy issues - but if you go into an interview with Charli XCX and you talk about her mental health, is that helping Charli XCX, necessarily?

"Charli XCX is incredible. She's hilarious. She makes absolutely bonkers music. I want to know about that. I want to know, like, if I came around for dinner, what would she cook me? I think that's more interesting, as a fan."

As a result, Cragg insisted his book didn't just present the "sad stories" of pop.

"Even 5ive, whose career ended horribly when they were at their peak, have come to a place of acceptance and are able to look back on it fondly."

With S Club 7, Busted and Sugababes all on the comeback trail, the book arrives with auspicious timing. Unless, that is, you're Louis Walsh, who gave Cragg an unforgettable pull-quote for the dust jacket.

"Nobody buys books. No-one's going to read this."

Reach for the Stars: 1996-2006: Fame, Fallout and Pop's Final Party by Michael Cragg is published on 30 March.

An artist impression image of what the new dementia care village in Haverhill could look like

Plans have been approved for a self-contained care village for people with dementia that has been described as the first of its kind in the country.

Care (Little Court) Ltd was given planning permission to develop land off the A143 at Little Wratting near Haverhill in Suffolk.

The specialist village for up to 120 people will enable residents to "live life as normal" backers said.

It is based on a Dutch model called Hogeweyk.

Care (Little Court) Ltd said of the Hogeweyk philosophy: "It's small-group living, meaningful occupation - so actually doing things, getting up in the morning and going out to do things, and also freedom to roam in a safe and secure environment."

The village would include clinic rooms, a pub, community hall and restaurant.

Residents would live in a "family-type setting" of six-bedroom shared apartments.

The site was not in an area that West Suffolk Council had designated for residential settlement, meaning development was contrary to its planning policies.

An artist impression shows the new dementia care village in Haverhill would be surrounded by countryside

But its proximity to the Great Wisley Park housing development, coupled with the specific provision for people with dementia and the need for that to be in a quieter area, meant that the council's development control committee decided it was an acceptable departure, reported the Local Democracy Reporting Service.

Concerns were raised over whether the site was the right one and over potential impact on GP and other health services in the area.

Conservative councillor Susan Glossop said the development was "laudable", but questioned how secure the site would be to stop people wandering to the A143.

Independent councillor John Burns said that while he was supportive of specialist dementia care, he called the £33,526 contribution the developer must make to local healthcare infrastructure as part of the planning conditions "a pittance".

The village was expected to open in 2023.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

South Wales Police said an order had been put in place to direct people away from the site

Four people have been taken to hospital after a large crowd gathered at an "unlicensed music event" on an industrial estate.

South Wales Police said in excess of 1,000 people attended the rave at Kenfig Industrial Estate, Margam, Port Talbot, which began on Saturday night.

Welsh Ambulance Service said no-one was seriously injured.

A small number of vehicles and people remained at the scene on Sunday, police said.

"We are engaging with those present at the scene to ensure they make their way from the site safely whilst respecting local residents," said Assistant Chief Constable Mark Travis.

"The event is now dissipating and those attending have been leaving throughout the afternoon."

He added it was "disappointing" that emergency responders had been diverted to "an illegal event" on one of the busiest days of the year.

A large police presence has been at the scene since reports on Saturday of 1,000 people and 70 vehicles at the rave.

In a Facebook post, the force said an order had been put in place to direct people away from the site.

Humza Yousaf met the prime minister for the first time since he replaced Nicola Sturgeon

Scotland's first minister has told the BBC he is "going to work towards meeting the deadline" to arrange an auditor to process the SNP's accounts.

Humza Yousaf's remarks came after the party's Westminster leader acknowledged it could miss out on £1.2m in public funds if the 31 May deadline is missed.

Mr Yousaf was speaking after his first in-person meeting with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak since taking the role.

They discussed issues including the cost of living crisis and devolution.

Speaking to the BBC about finding a new auditor for the party, Mr Yousaf said: "It'll be challenging. I won't pretend otherwise.

"There is the ability to ask for an extension if required. We're not in that space yet."

Mr Yousaf and Mr Sunak met in the House of Commons earlier on Monday evening.

The Scottish government said Mr Yousaf raised concerns around "UK government attacks on devolution".

It also said Mr Yousaf made clear that he expects Mr Sunak to "respect the democratic wishes of Scotland's Parliament" by granting a Section 30 order, which would grant the power to hold a second independence referendum.

The first minister told the BBC they "got along fine" during the meeting in London.

He said: "Very helpfully, at the start of the meeting, he gave me a briefing on the situation in Sudan.

"I said any briefing we can get will be very helpful, given that there will be a number of Scots with family out there who will be deeply affected.

"On a personal level, he seemed perfectly affable enough."

Mr Sunak hosted the meeting in the House of Commons

The meeting took place amid a looming court battle. The Scottish government has announced plans to launch a legal challenge to Westminster's block on its controversial gender reforms.

The proposals, which would allow people in Scotland to self-identify their sex, were passed by the Scottish Parliament in December last year.

But they were blocked by the UK government over their potential impact on UK-wide equality laws.

The first minister has previously said challenging the UK government's block on the gender Bill was "our only means of defending our parliament's democracy from the Westminster veto" but Mr Sunak said Westminster had taken "very careful and considered advice" on the issue before acting.

The meeting also came after the Scottish government delayed the introduction of its deposit return scheme from August to March next year, in a move that circular economy minister Lorna Slater blamed on Westminster.

She said the delay was primarily due to the UK government not providing an exemption to the Internal Market Act, which was implemented after Britain left the European Union to regulate trade within the country.

Mr Yousaf added: "I did mention to the Prime Minister that where can work together collaboratively of course I would be keen to do that.

"And one way we could do that for example is in relation to the UK government granting an exemption to the internal market act for the deposit return scheme."

They also discussed the cost-of-living crisis and rising energy bills as well as the Scotch whisky industry.

While the talks were their first in person since the SNP leader became Scotland's first minister last month, it will not be their first conversation.

The pair spoke via telephone after Mr Yousaf was chosen by MSPs to be first minister on 28 March.

Daniel Radcliffe and partner Erin Darke have confirmed they are expecting their first child

Actor Daniel Radcliffe has confirmed he is expecting his first child with long-term partner Erin Darke.

The 33-year-old Harry Potter star and Darke, 38, are due to become parents later this year, the Mirror said.

The actors have been together for a decade after reportedly meeting on the set of film Kill Your Darlings in 2013.

Radcliffe played poet Allen Ginsberg in the film, and Darke featured as Gwendolyn, a romantic interest.

Radcliffe rose to fame aged 12 when he starred as the bespectacled boy wizard in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 2001.

More recently, he starred in the lead role in Weird: The Al Yankovic Story, which was released last year.

The biopic follows the life and career of comedian Weird Al Yankovic, who found fame with comical spoof versions of classic songs.

Radcliffe told Newsweek last year: "I want my kids - if and when they exist - I would love them to be around film sets."

Michigan-born Darke is best known for her role in 2015 series Good Girl Revolt, and more recently appeared in Prime Video series The Marvelous Mrs Maisel.

Radcliffe's Harry Potter co-star, Rupert Grint, who played Ronald Weasley in the films, has a three-year-old daughter, Wednesday, with actor Georgia Groome.
• None Harry Potter films at 20: What the cast did next

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

England kept their Ashes hopes alive by beating Australia by three wickets in the third Test in another nerve-shredding Headingley finale.

Harry Brook hit a superb 75 but it was left to bowlers Chris Woakes and Mark Wood to drag the hosts over the line in pursuit of 251.

Brook's mature knock took them to within 21 of victory, after talisman Ben Stokes fell for 13 following lunch on day four with 90 still needed.

Brook put on 59 with Woakes before top-edging a cut off Mitchell Starc, who almost won the series for Australia with a vicious 5-78.

That wicket brought Wood to the crease amid gripping tension and he hit Pat Cummins for six and thrashed Starc for four to spark jubilation in the stands.

With four needed, Wood was dropped by Australia wicketkeeper Alex Carey before Woakes, who finished unbeaten on 32, slashed the winning runs.

England's win makes the series 2-1 to Australia with two Tests to play, setting up a grandstand finale that could yet match the iconic contest in 2005.

There is a nine-day break before the fourth Test at Old Trafford starts on Wednesday, 19 July.

England keep the show rumbling on

After 1981 and 2019, 2023 can now be added to the list of Headingley Ashes epics.

It may not have reached the ultimate climax of Stokes and Jack Leach's 10th-wicket partnership four years ago but it was still another day of almost tortuous tension.

Every run was cheered and wickets were met with silence - apart from in the pockets of Australian green and gold in the stands.

Joe Root's departure shortly before lunch and Stokes' soon afterwards threatened to give Australia the win that would seal their first Ashes series in England for 22 years.

But Brook, batting on his home ground in his first Ashes series, played the situation perfectly, only to fall with the finish line in sight.

He found a gritty partner in Woakes, who battled through the short-ball attack and played the anchor to Wood at the end.

The scenes of celebration were reminiscent of those four years ago - England getting their first win on the board after two tight Tests that could have gone either way.

They have to do what they have never done before - come from 2-0 down to win the Ashes - but, after three gripping Test matches, they have ensured the show rumbles on with the series getting the ending it deserves.

Brook's knock came after he was dropped back down to number five in the order, having taken the injured Ollie Pope's position at number three in the first innings.

He came in at 93-3 and started shakily in a stand of 38 with Root before driving Scott Boland twice through the covers to get him on his way.

Brook held his nerve after the losses of Root, Stokes and Jonny Bairstow - the latter playing on from a wild drive with the target 80 runs away, at which stage Australia were favourites.

Brook, 24, has made his name as an attacking batter in his first 10 Tests - here becoming the quickest batter to 1,000 Test runs in terms of balls faced - but restrained himself while putting away the bad balls with the field spread.

At the other end, Woakes was more aggressive. He managed to slash the ball through the off side, although was fortunate to fend the short ball three times into empty spaces.

When Brook top-edged a bouncer, Australia still had a sniff but Wood, who took seven wickets in the match bowling at extreme pace, hooked Cummins over fine leg en route to 16 not out.

It was fitting, however, that Woakes, who also contributed a crucial six wickets, hit the winning runs after 15 months out of the side.

Starc almost wins it for Australia

After starting on 27-0, England had added 15 runs relatively calmly amid the tension, before Ben Duckett was pinned lbw by Starc's left-arm pace for 23.

The hosts promoted Moeen Ali in Brook's place but he only made five before a Starc inswinger crashed into his leg stump.

Zak Crawley batted well for 44 but, in a dismissal that sums up his Test career, edged a big drive to Mitchell Marsh through to the wicketkeeper a ball after hitting the same shot through the covers.

Root attempted to pull a wayward ball from Cummins and gloved it down the leg side.

Starc, though, was the major threat and was rewarded by having Stokes taken down the leg side before Bairstow's wild swish.

Australia missed the control of spinner Nathan Lyon, ruled out of the series with a calf injury last week, but have more than a week to regroup before seeking a series-clinching victory again.

England batter Harry Brook on Test Match Special: "I don't think I can quite believe it yet, to do it here in front of my home crowd.

"It's a phenomenal win and sets up the rest of the series."

Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "Fantastic. Both teams have produced three games of cricket you only dream of commentating on."

Australia captain Pat Cummins: "Another one right down to the wire and a great Test match. Unfortunately we are not on the right side of this one."

Former England spinner Phil Tufnell: "Australia are the hunted and this England side like being the hunters.

"If England go up to Old Trafford and strike that first blow it could unravel for the Australians. It's beautifully teed up."
• None Watch the hypochondriac detective and his team on BBC iPlayer now
• None The cosmic culture war between Marvel and DC comics: Uncover the story of one of the greatest rivalries in the history of pop culture

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man whose rape conviction has been overturned after a 20-year fight has said the past two decades felt like he had been "kidnapped by the state".

Andrew Malkinson was jailed in 2004 for the attack on a woman in Salford, serving 17 years in prison for a crime he always said he did not commit.

His case was referred to the Court of Appeal in January after new evidence pointed to another potential suspect.

Mr Malkinson, 57, said: "I was innocent and finally they listened."

"But I have been innocent all along, for each of those 20 years that came before today," he said.

"It has taken nearly 20 years to persuade my kidnappers to let me go."

Overturning his conviction, Lord Justice Holroyd said Mr Malkinson could "leave the court free and no longer be subject to the conditions of licence".

Police also apologised for what they described as a "grave miscarriage of justice".

The first Mr Malkinson knew of the crime was when he was arrested in his hometown of Grimsby, two weeks after the assault and attempted murder in Salford.

He had been in the area at the time, working temporarily as a security guard.

Mr Malkinson was found guilty following a trial in 2003 and sentenced to life with a minimum term of seven years.

However, he served a further 10 years in jail after his tariff expired.

Andrew Malkinson was cleared by senior judges at the Court of Appeal

His barrister Edward Henry KC told the court this was because Mr Malkinson would never "falsely confess to abhorrent crimes which he did not commit".

Mr Malkinson previously applied twice for his case to be reviewed by the Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) but he was turned down, eventually being released from prison in December 2020.

At the time of his trial, there was no DNA evidence linking him to the crime and the prosecution's case against him was based solely on identification evidence.

After his release, advancements in scientific techniques allowed his legal team, supported by legal charity Appeal, to provide new analysis that cast doubt on his conviction to the CCRC.

The body then commissioned its own testing which found that DNA from the victim's clothing matched another man on the national police database.

The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) later conceded Mr Malkinson's conviction was unsafe because new evidence pointed to another man, who the court ordered can only be identified as Mr B.

Andy Malkinson's custody picture two weeks after the rape - and the e-fit of the suspect

Both the CPS and Greater Manchester Police (GMP) confirmed in May they would not contest a fresh appeal.

Police said in January that a man had been arrested and released under investigation in light of the new information, but no decision had been made on whether he will be charged.

Speaking outside the court, Mr Malkinson said: "When a jury finds you guilty when you are innocent, reality does not change.

"You know you did not commit the crime, but all the people around you start living in a false fantasy universe and treat you as if you are guilty.

"Now I have finally been exonerated, I am left outside this court without an apology, without an explanation, jobless, homeless, expected to simply slip back into the world with no acknowledgement of the gaping black hole they opened up in my life

"A black hole that looms so large behind me that I fear it will swallow me up."

He continued: "People convicted of rape are the lowest of the low. I did not commit the crime, but I was treated as if I did. I spent 17 years on my guard against every threat.

"Seventeen years counting down the minutes to lock up, so I could be behind my door and safe from other prisoners, but not safe from my own mind, imagining I would die there, perhaps murdered.

His mother Trisha Hose said: "For nearly 20 years people have assumed that I was just a loyal but deluded mother in denial about what my son was capable of doing.

"I knew the system had got it wrong, but it seemed like there was nothing I could do about it."

Now he had been cleared, Ms Hose said she was "no longer a deluded mother" and her son was "no longer a monster".

"But what has been done to him cannot be undone," she said.

"The damage will be with him for the rest of his life, and the woman who got attacked has been denied justice, just as my son was."

Mr Malkinson was convicted of carrying out the rape in Salford in 2003

Opening the appeal earlier, Mr Henry said: "This is the most troubling case which may have wide implications for the administration of criminal justice.

"This is a historic case - and a historic injustice.

"Grave failures that must lie at the door of GMP that wholly undermined a fair trial."

"No-one else should have to go through what Mr Malkinson has endured."

Lord Justice Holroyde said other points argued by Mr Malkinson's legal team, about "crucial" material that was not disclosed at the time of his trial, "raised a number of substantial and important points".

He said the court would take time to consider them and give a decision on them later in writing.

Greater Manchester Police has apologised for a "grave miscarriage of justice"

GMP's Assistant Chief Constable Sarah Jackson said the force was "truly sorry" to Mr Malkinson over the "grave miscarriage of justice".

She said the force was "also profoundly sorry to the victim of this crime, who not only suffered an horrific trauma 20 years ago, but also relived the experience during a criminal trial, and now may endure additional harm caused by learning that the true offender has not yet been brought to justice".

Cases like Mr Malkinson's were "thankfully very rare", she said, but added that the force had and would continue to "fully co-operate with any further reviews and action will be taken if it is found that anything could have been done differently".

She said she had offered to meet Mr Malkinson "to personally deliver this apology".

"We are determined to work with our colleagues in the CPS to ensure all new evidence is fully examined and that the person truly responsible is convicted," she said.

CCRC chairman Helen Pitcher said she welcomed the decision to overturn Mr Malkinson's conviction.

"In the ever-changing world of forensic science, new evidence can come to light years after a conviction," she said.

"We used our special powers to take advantage of DNA breakthroughs to find evidence that we considered could overturn this conviction.

"We recognise that Andrew has had a very long journey to clear his name, but sadly the evidence that led to the court overturning his conviction only became available years after his conviction."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A row of snow-covered houses in Aberbeeg, Wales on Wednesday

Forecasters have warned of heavy snow and travel disruption as a wave of Arctic air brings icy conditions to central and northern England.

An amber warning affecting an area between Stoke-on-Trent and Durham is set to come into force at 15:00 GMT on Thursday.

The warning indicates a likelihood of travel delays, power cuts, and that some rural communities will be cut off.

It comes after the UK recorded its coldest March temperature since 2010.

The area affected by the amber warning includes the Peak District, Leeds, the Yorkshire Dales, and the North Pennines.

The Met Office said around 10-20cm (4-8in) of snow is likely to fall across much of the area, with 30-40cm (12-16in) in some parts, and to be accompanied by "strong winds bringing blizzard conditions".

The amber warning is not set to be lifted until midday on Friday.

Less severe yellow weather warnings for snow and ice remain in place for much of the rest of the UK. These mean journey times are likely to be longer and icy patches on untreated roads and pavements are expected.

National Highways in England has issued a severe weather alert for snow in the North West, North East and Midlands between 09:00 GMT on Thursday and 08:00 GMT on Friday.

Road users are being warned to plan ahead for possible disruption and that challenging conditions could include poor visibility.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch latest UK weather forecast: Will I get snow in my area tomorrow and into the weekend?

Motoring organisation the RAC has urged drivers to take the weather warnings seriously and to work from home if possible.

Those with no choice should make sure tyres are properly inflated, and oil, coolant and screenwash are topped up, it said.

National Rail has also warned snowy and icy conditions could affect trains in south-eastern England over the next few days.

Other warnings in place are:

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by BBC Weather This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

BBC Weather's Jennifer Bartram says the cold spell is due to a change in wind direction "with northerly winds bringing cold air down from the Arctic".

She said although it was not unusual to have snow and cold weather at the start of March, "this feels like a bit of a shock to the system after what was a mild and relatively dry February for most".

Early morning swimmers braved the cold at King Edward's Bay, near Tynemouth on the north east coast of England on Wednesday morning

A picturesque snow-covered mountain reflects off the water at Lochcarron in the Highlands

People across the UK have been enjoying the snow

To prepare for the cold spell, two coal-fired power stations have begun generating power again.

The plants in West Burton in Lincolnshire were due to close last September, but the government requested they stay open for an extra six months because of fears of possible power shortages.

Some ski resorts in Scotland have opened runs after the heavy snowfall, with Snowsport Scotland saying it hoped the recent weather would be "the start to another boost for the mountains".

"Looking at the forecast, this could be our biggest week of the year," said Alison Grove from Snowsport Scotland.

A man runs on during freezing conditions in a park in Blackwood, Wales

A group of women swimmers brave the freezing conditions as they gather to celebrate International Women's Day at King Edward's Bay, near Tynemouth

A level-three cold alert has been issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) for the whole of England and will remain in place until midnight on Thursday.

Dr Agostinho Sousa, the agency's head of extreme events and health protection, advised people to check on vulnerable relatives, adding that pensioners or anyone with an underlying health condition should heat their home to at least 18C (64F).

Veterinary charity PDSA advises giving dogs and cats extra blankets for their beds over the winter months. Raised beds can keep older dogs away from draughts, while cats may like high-up dens.

Motorists drove through heavy snowfall on the M5 near Taunton, Somerset

A Scottish terrier plays in the snow on the Dunstable Downs in Bedforshire

A wild horse leaves footprints in the snow in Colpy, Aberdeenshire

Prince Harry has been facing a cross-examination in the High Court in his case against Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN).

He believes journalists from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and The People exploited a security gap to access his voicemails and hear messages left by friends and family.

As he entered the witness box, Harry's 55-page witness statement was published, detailing the times when he says journalists at the newspaper publisher used unlawful methods to gather information to generate stories about him, including phone hacking. MGN denies phone hacking in this case.

Here are some key extracts from his statement which he is being challenged on in court by barristers on Tuesday and Wednesday.

"In my experience as a member of the Royal Family, each of us gets cast into a specific role by the tabloid press.

"You start off as a blank canvas while they work out what kind of person you are and what kind of problems and temptations you might have.

"They then start to edge you towards playing the role or roles that suit them best and which sells as many newspapers as possible, especially if you are the 'spare' to the 'heir'.

"You're then either the 'playboy prince', the 'failure', the 'dropout' or, in my case, the 'thicko', the 'cheat', the 'underage drinker', the 'irresponsible drug taker', the list goes on.

"As a teenager and in my early 20s, I ended up feeling as though I was playing up to a lot of the headlines and stereotypes mainly because I thought that, if they are printing this rubbish about me and people were believing it, I may as well 'do the crime'.

"It was a downward spiral, whereby the tabloids would constantly try and coax me into doing something stupid that would make a good story and sell lots of newspapers.

"Looking back, such behaviour on their part is utterly vile."

Prince Harry says journalists would blag information about his former girlfriend Chelsy Davy's flights to the UK to see him. The couple were in an on-off, sometimes long-distance, relationship for six years from 2004.

"I walked into the [airport] arrivals hall with a baseball cap on and immediately spotted five separate paparazzi sitting on benches with cameras in bags, their hands inside rucksacks and everyone else looking at me," says the prince.

"I remember that someone was videoing me with one of those tiny little cameras between their legs.

"I recall thinking how on earth did they know I was going to be there, but now it's obvious.

"Here were five big, burly and dodgy looking men, with their hands in their pockets or in rucksacks and satchels in a busy public place.

"My security and I simply couldn't know whether they were reaching for a camera or drawing some kind of weapon."

Chelsy Davy and Prince Harry were in an on-off relationship between 2004 and 2010

He adds: "I always felt the tabloids wanted me to be single, as I was much more interesting to them and sold more newspapers.

"Whenever I got into a relationship, they were very keen to report the details but would then, very quickly, seek to try and break it up by putting as much strain on it and creating as much distrust as humanly possible.

"The twisted objective is still pursued to this day even though I'm now married."

"Tabloids would routinely publish articles about me that were often wrong but interspersed with snippets of truth.

"This created an alternative and distorted version of me to the general public - the people I had to serve and interact with as a member of the Royal Family - to the point where any one of the thousands of people that I met or was introduced to on any given day, could easily have gone: 'You know what, you're an idiot. I've read all the stories about you and now I'm going to stab you."

Prince Harry on a walkabout in Edinburgh with his wife, Meghan Markle, in 2018

Prince Harry says royal aides gave him his first phone when he went to Eton College, a boarding school in Windsor - and it became crucial to his daily life.

"As I was very heavily involved with various commitments, I would constantly be leaving and receiving voicemails, as text messaging was much less common back then," he says.

"It was my main means of communicating with my family [including my mother who I was obviously extremely close] ... my girlfriend at the time, my friends, members of the Royal Household and those I was working with.

"My voicemails would include incredibly private and sensitive information about my relationships, my operational security and that of my family [and in later years] my work both in the Army and as a senior member of the Royal Family."

He says knowing MGN journalists were listening in to private and sensitive voicemails suggests they could have heard "anything and everything".

This created huge stress, presented security concerns and created a "huge amount of paranoia" and suspicion in his relationships, he says.

"I felt I couldn't trust anybody, which was an awful feeling for me, especially at such a young age."

The King accompanied Prince Harry on his first day at Eton College in Berkshire

Prince Harry says numerous papers had reported a rumour that his biological father was James Hewitt - a man his mother had a relationship with after he was born.

At the time, he says, he wasn't aware of the timeline. Aged 18 and having lost his mother six years earlier, he says such stories felt were "hurtful, mean and cruel".

"I was always left questioning the motives. Were the newspapers keen to put doubt into the minds of the public so I might be ousted from the Royal Family?"

James Hewitt, a former cavalry officer, had a five-year affair with Princess Diana

A 2003 article by The People detailed a disagreement between Prince Harry and his brother, the Prince of Wales, over a potential meeting with their mother's former butler, Paul Burrell. He says the pair had strong feelings about Mr Burrell's indiscretion after he sold their mother's possessions and conducted interviews about her.

"We firmly believed that she would have expected some privacy in death, especially from someone she had trusted," he says.

William had wanted to set up a meeting with him - Harry was firmly against it, having made up his mind about Mr Burrell.

The article said he believed him to be a "two-faced shit", a phrase he believes could have been lifted from a voicemail message.

Paul Burrell said Princess Diana called him her rock

Breaking with the convention that royals never interfere with politics, Prince Harry attacks Rishi Sunak's government in his statement.

"Our country is judged globally by the state of our press and our government - both of which I believe are at rock bottom.

"Democracy fails when your press fails to scrutinise and hold the government accountable, and instead choose to get into bed with them so they can ensure the status quo."

Prince Harry says he is determined to see this action through to the end because he is convinced unlawful information gathering was known about by those at the top.

"The fact that it was not just the journalists who were carrying out the unlawful activity, but also those in power who were turning a blind eye to it so as to ensure that it would continue unabated - and who then tried to cover it up when the game was up - is appalling.

"The fact they're all ganging up to protect each other is the most disturbing part of all, especially as they're the mothership of online trolling.

"Trolls react and mobilise to stories they create. People have died as a result and people will continue to kill themselves by suicide when they can't see any other way out.

"How much more blood will stain their typing fingers before someone can put a stop to this madness."

The UK's biggest business group has admitted it hired "culturally toxic" staff and failed to fire people who sexually harassed female colleagues.

The CBI said a failure to act allowed a "very small minority" of staff to believe they could get away with harassment or violence against women.

The embattled lobby group said it has now dismissed a number of people.

The CBI was responding to an independent law firm report on misconduct allegations including rape.

In an emotional letter to members, the business lobby group - which claims to represent 190,000 firms - admitted to a series of failings and said it had made mistakes "that led to terrible consequences".

It said there was a collective "sense of shame" at "so badly having let down the...people who came to work at the CBI".

"Our collective failure to completely protect vulnerable employees... and to put in place proper mechanisms to rapidly escalate incidents of this nature to senior leadership.... these failings most of all drive the shame," CBI president Brian McBride said in the letter.

In early April, a number of claims of misconduct and harassment against CBI staff emerged including one allegation of rape at the lobby group's summer party in 2019.

On Friday a second rape allegation emerged, after a woman told the Guardian she was raped whilst working at one of the CBI's overseas offices.

Both rape allegations are being investigated by the police.

In a letter following a report by law firm Fox Williams, which was appointed to lead an independent investigation into the lobby group, the CBI admitted to its members:

The future of the CBI is hanging in the balance and it has suspended its operations until June while it tries to reform its workplace.

There has been a mass exodus of CBI members, with a number of household names including John Lewis, BMW, Virgin Media O2, insurers Aviva, Zurich and Phoenix Group, banking firm Natwest, credit card company Mastercard; B&Q owner Kingfisher and media firm ITV all quitting the group.

The government had already decided to pause any activity with the lobby group, but on Monday, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said there was "no point" engaging with the CBI when its own members had deserted them.

"We want to engage with a body that speaks or business. It is incredibly important for me when I'm constructing budgets to have someone that I can turn to who speaks for British business."

Mr McBride said he wanted to give members reasons to consider trusting the lobby group again.

But said: "Whether that is possible, I simply don't know."

Mr McBride said he was concerned that CBI staff felt that their only option was to go to the Guardian newspaper - which first published the claims - instead of feeling confident enough to raise the matter internally.

One female CBI worker had told the Guardian that she had been stalked by a male colleague in 2018.

The business group upheld a complaint of harassment against the man however, he was allowed to keep working in the same office as the woman. He eventually left for an unrelated reasons, according to the newspaper.

Earlier this month, the lobby group fired its director-general, Tony Danker, who joined the CBI in 2020, following separate complaints of workplace misconduct.

Mr Danker acknowledged he had made some staff feel "very uncomfortable" and apologised, but said his name had been wrongly associated with separate claims andthat his reputation had been "destroyed".

He is being replaced by Rain Newton-Smith, the CBI's former chief economist, who is returning to the lobby group after a brief stint at Barclays.

Dame Carolyn Fairbairn was the director-general of the CBI between 2015 and 2020. The BBC has contacted her for comment.

Mr McBride said the CBI had accepted all 35 recommendations made by Fox Williams investigators and added the organisation had 60 days to produce an action plan for its members to vote one.

The CBI's president said the organisation had to "go for a much more zero-tolerance culture" and get "much more severe in dealing" with incidents of bullying and sexual harassment.

"For us it's about rebuilding the trust that we obviously lost with the members who left us," he said.

But Andy Wood, chief executive of the brewing company Adnams, which has cancelled its membership of the CBI, said he had not heard anything so far that "reassures me that I should become a member of the CBI again".

He said he was not sure if the group was "salvageable".

"Zero tolerance of bullying and sexual harassment - that has to be a given in a modern organisation," Mr Wood said.

"It just shows really how archaic the CBI was behind the scenes. I applaud them for trying to put their house in order but this does feel [like] a few things being done far too late."

The headlines were terrifying. Hospitals facing intolerable pressures with patients left dying in corridors, the BBC reported.

It got so bad that 68 leading A&E doctors wrote to the prime minister to spell out their concerns.

This is not now though. It was the winter of 2017-18 - the last bad flu season when more than 300 people a day were dying from that virus at one point.

And that was not even a one-off. In January 2016 hospitals were cancelling routine operations, telling patients to stay away from A&E if they could, and emergency treatment areas were being set up outside some units - just as they are now.

The truth is the past decade has been a story of lengthening waits and declining performance.

A&E waits are the best barometer of this. The proportion of patients waiting less than four hours - a key metric in measuring NHS effectiveness - has been gradually eroded.

It is a similar story elsewhere in the UK - with performance even worse in Wales and Northern Ireland.

This should not come as a surprise, as NHS spending has been squeezed.

Between 2010 and 2019 the annual rises for health were well below those traditionally given since the birth of the NHS, making it difficult to keep up with the needs of the ageing population.

During that period, the Tories have been in power - albeit with the Lib Dems for the first five years.

But it is worth noting, in its 2010 and 2015 election manifestos, Labour was not proposing any tangibly higher increases in spending either.

The financial crash of 2008 meant all the main political parties were signed up to the idea that spending had to be curtailed.

This parliament has seen a change - annual rises are now planned to be close to 4% and will end up higher once the pandemic spending is taken into account.

But the result of the squeeze in the 2010s is fewer doctors and nurses per head of population than our Western European neighbours.

The turn of the year is always the hardest time. And with the latest data for A&E only covering November, we need to look elsewhere to judge how alarming the current pressures driven by the Omicron variant are.

Since Christmas there have been reports of hospitals declaring critical incidents. At one point on Wednesday evening, one in seven hospital trusts in England were in this situation.

A modern browser with JavaScript and a stable internet connection are required to view this interactive. How is the NHS in your area coping this winter? This trust does not currently supply A&E waiting time figures. When patients arrive at hospital by ambulance they should be handed over within 15 minutes. This data shows the proportion of ambulance patients who waited 30 minutes or more, in the week shown. It comes from daily situation reports which are published weekly during the winter in England. As this is fast-turnaround data, the NHS says only minimal validation can be carried out but it is considered fit for purpose. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland do not publish ambulance queue data. Patients at A&E should be seen within four hours of arrival. This data shows the proportion of patients attending A&E who waited longer than four hours to be treated, discharged or admitted. This data is published monthly for England and Wales and weekly for Scotland. Northern Ireland publishes its data quarterly and Winter 2021 is not yet available. If a patient at A&E needs to be admitted, the wait from decision to admit to being given a bed on a ward is recorded in England. The bed waits figure is the proportion of patients admitted via A&E who waited longer than four hours for a ward bed. In Wales, bed wait data is not published, so the figure shown is the occupancy level in general and acute beds. Scotland and Northern Ireland do not publish bed wait or bed occupancy data. Data for England is show by NHS trust, where the trust includes at least one hospital with a Type 1 A&E department. Type 1 means a consultant-led 24 hour A&E service with full resuscitation facilities. When you enter a postcode for a location in England you will be shown a list of NHS trusts in your area. They will not necessarily be in order of your closest hospital as some trusts have more than one hospital. Data for Wales and Scotland are shown by NHS board. Comparative data from two years ago is shown where available. However, where trusts have merged there is no like-for-like comparison to show. Bed occupancy data in Wales only goes back to April 2020.

It is, however, very hard to judge exactly what these declarations tell us. They are not normally made public and instead are there to alert local health systems that a service needs help. We have nothing to compare them to.

If we look at the delays ambulances face when dropping off patients at A&E - this data is available in England up to last weekend - we can see the current difficulties are worse than the last winter before the pandemic hit.

But it is also fair to say this does not represent the collapse of the NHS, despite all the headlines.

The truth is the health service will not suddenly become overwhelmed. Instead, what is happening is that care is deteriorating bit by bit.

The heart attack patients are waiting longer for an ambulance, more elderly patients are spending nights on a trolley in A&E and growing numbers of people are waiting for hip and knee replacements.

The challenges are, of course, different from winters past. It is a pandemic after all.

A mass vaccination campaign is underway, while the level of staff absence from Covid is bringing another added complexity - it is nearly twice what you would expect - and explains why the army has had to be brought in.

Hospitals have also had to completely reconfigure their wards to create Covid and non-Covid areas.

And the sheer numbers coming in are a problem. Traditionally winter would see around 1,000 admissions a day for all types of respiratory infections.

Currently the NHS is seeing more than double that for Covid alone - although a chunk admittedly are people who are ill with something else, such as broken arms, strokes and cancer for example, and may well have come in anyway.

But even if you discount these patients, you are still well above the 1,000 threshold.

However, the NHS has been helped by lower pressures elsewhere. Flu is at rock-bottom levels. There are fewer than 50 patients in hospital with the virus in England.

So what can we conclude? The challenges are certainly worse and that is translating into poorer quality services.

But this is not the first year care has been compromised. What matters now is when Covid infections peak - that will determine just how bad this winter will be.

Has your NHS treatment been delayed? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Mechelle Davis was 48 when she had her operation

A woman who had a hysterectomy has said she was discharged without sufficient information on its impact on her physical and mental health.

Mechelle Davis, from County Down, said it was crucial women left hospital with appropriate medication and advice.

Her operation involved removal of her womb, ovaries, fallopian tubes, and cervix.

The South Eastern Health Trust said patients were told pre and post-surgery of the risks and benefits involved.

Ms Davis was 48 when she had her operation and said she had no option but to look online for advice, something she described as "unsatisfactory".

"I had the operation in October 2022 and didn't go on HRT until the following February," she told BBC News NI.

"I felt that I was going crazy, the night sweats, the hot flushes and then the low mood.

"Every woman who is going through the menopause - including surgically induced - needs support.

"We need to know what to expect because it is a total life-changer."

She added that she left hospital with a pessary, anti-blood clotting injections and a leaflet on pelvic floor exercises.

"Women just feel that you get your hysterectomy and bye bye there you go," Ms Davis said.

The South Eastern Health Trust said while it could not comment on individual cases, its patients were "provided with written information and are signposted to online resources, to assist with informed consent".

"These resources include patient information leaflets for consent, Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology information on abdominal hysterectomy; recovering well, menopause and later life and websites such as Menopause Matters and the British Menopause Society website," the statement added.

In its online tool for clinicians, British Menopause Society advise that HRT plays a significant role in managing surgical menopause, especially in women under 45 - provided there are no contradictions such as personal history of hormone dependant cancer.

It also adds that "all women undergoing surgical menopause should have counselling and be provided with information about the hormonal consequences of surgery and the role of HRT, both before surgery and before leaving hospital with clear communication to the primary care team."

BBC News NI has spoken to other women who, after having a hysterectomy, were discharged without advice or a HRT prescription.

All the women said they felt miserable, confused and debilitated but that symptoms eased after taking HRT.

General practice nurse Elizabeth Wenden-Kerr said it would be a "win win for women and the health service" if professionals like her were given specialist menopause training to help women like Ms Davis.

Ms Wenden-Kerr is petitioning parliament to introduce menopause training for general practices.

From her east Belfast surgery, the nurse said it was important that women were "provided with evidence-based information" to help inform their decisions about taking Hormone Replacement Therapy, also, to warn them about what to expect post-surgery.

Elizabeth Wenden-Kerr is petitioning parliament to introduce menopause training for general practices

She secured funding from the Royal College of Nursing to train and receive a qualification in menopause education from the British Menopause Society.

She said she saw as many women as possible or offered advice by phone about hormonal or non-hormonal treatment.

"I think it would be a win-win for women and the health service because by offering women treatment - we then hopefully will improve the health of women and then fend off long term conditions associated with menopause such as heart disease, diabetes, osteoporosis - so yes if offers support for women both now and in the future.

"Often the GPs here will refer women to us to work out whether their symptoms are menopausal or if something else is going on. We then can discuss the best treatment options for them and provide a choice of treatment."

While GPs receive some menopause training, many have told BBC News NI it was not enough and they had to refer to the British Menopause Society's tool kit, which was not ideal.

In February, a consultant addressed the issue of hysterectomies on social media.

Dr Siobhan Kirk, associate specialist in gynaecology and menopause posted on Twitter for "gynaecology colleagues to "please stop removing young women's ovaries without adequate pre-op discussion on the consequences/symptoms of #menopause and a clear plan for ~HRT including those having risk reducing surgery."

Dr Kirk works at the Belfast Health Trust and is a specialist at the menopause clinic based at the Mater Hospital in the north of the city.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Dr Siobhan Kirk This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Northern Ireland remains the only region in the UK to not have a women's health strategy.

Without an executive at Stormont, attempts to introduce one have stalled.

Recently the issue and the absence of a legislature was raised during Northern Ireland Questions in the House of Commons when Labour MP Carolyn Harris asked Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris to meet her and Menopause Support Group NI to address their campaign for improved menopause services.

Mr Heaton-Harris said he would be be more than happy with to meet her.

US regulators are probing artificial intelligence company OpenAI over the risks to consumers from ChatGPT generating false information.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) sent a letter to the Microsoft-backed business requesting information on how it addresses risks to people's reputations.

The inquiry is a sign of the rising regulatory scrutiny of the technology.

OpenAI chief executive Sam Altman says the company will work with the FTC.

ChatGPT generates convincing human-like responses to user queries within seconds, instead of the series of links generated by a traditional internet search. It, and similar AI products, are expected to dramatically change the way people get information they are searching for online.

Tech rivals are racing to offer their own versions of the technology, even as it generates fierce debate, including over the data it uses, the accuracy of the responses and whether the company violated authors' rights as it was training the technology.

The FTC's letter asks what steps OpenAI has taken to address its products' potential to "generate statements about real individuals that are false, misleading, disparaging or harmful".

The FTC is also looking at OpenAI's approach to data privacy and how it obtains data to train and inform the AI.

Mr Altman said OpenAI had spent years on safety research and months making ChatGPT "safer and more aligned before releasing it".

"We protect user privacy and design our systems to learn about the world, not private individuals," he said on Twitter.

In another tweet he said that it was important to the firm that its "technology is safe and pro-consumer, and we are confident we follow the law. Of course we will work with the FTC."

Mr Altman appeared before a hearing at Congress earlier this year, in which he admitted that the technology could be a source of errors.

He called for regulations to be created for the emerging industry and recommended that a new agency be formed to oversee AI safety. He added that he expected the technology to have a significant impact, including on jobs, as its uses become clear.

"I think if this technology goes wrong, it can go quite wrong... we want to be vocal about that," Mr Altman said at the time. "We want to work with the government to prevent that from happening."

The investigation by the FTC was first reported by the Washington Post, which published a copy of the letter. OpenAI did not respond to a BBC request for comment.

The FTC also declined to comment. The consumer watchdog has taken a high profile role policing the tech giants under its current chair, Lina Khan.

Ms Khan rose to prominence as a Yale law student, when she criticised America's record on anti-monopoly enforcement related to Amazon.

Appointed by President Joe Biden, she is a controversial figure, with critics arguing that she is pushing the FTC beyond the boundaries of its authority.

Some of her most high-profile challenges of tech firms activities - including a push to block the merger of Microsoft with gaming giant Activision Blizzard - have faced setbacks in the courts.

During a five-hour hearing in Congress on Thursday, she faced tough criticism from Republicans over her leadership of the agency.

She did not mention the FTC's investigation into OpenAI, which is at a preliminary stage. But she said she had concerns about the product's output.

"We've heard about reports where people's sensitive information is showing up in response to an inquiry from somebody else," Ms Khan said.

"We've heard about libel, defamatory statements, flatly untrue things that are emerging. That's the type of fraud and deception that we are concerned about," she added.

The FTC probe is not the company's first challenge over such issues. Italy banned ChatGPT in April, citing privacy concerns. The service was restored after it added a tool to verify users' ages and provided more information about its privacy policy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: How Trump's indictment in Miami court unfolded - in 60 seconds

Donald Trump has pleaded not guilty to historic charges of mishandling sensitive files at a federal court in Miami, Florida.

Mr Trump is the first US president - current or former - to be hit with a federal criminal indictment.

Arms crossed, in a dark suit and red tie, he sat in stone-faced silence for his second court appearance this year.

The Republican later travelled to his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where he addressed supporters.

Against a backdrop of American flags, Mr Trump, who is the frontrunner for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination, struck a defiant tone and told the assembled crowd he had "every right" to hold the classified documents, but "hadn't had a chance to go through all the boxes".

He said he followed the law and went on to list series of unsubstantiated claims as well as grievances against President Joe Biden and his former rival Hillary Clinton.

Earlier in the day before leaving Miami, Mr Trump, on his social media platform Truth Social, thanked the city for "such a warm welcome on such a sad day for our country".

Just hours before, in a 13th-floor room of a federal courthouse in downtown Miami, a sombre, subdued Mr Trump looked on while his lawyer entered a plea of not guilty on 37 counts of illegally retaining classified documents and obstructing the government's efforts to get them back.

"We most certainly enter a plea of not guilty," the attorney, Todd Blanche, told the judge.

Mr Trump's co-defendant, Walt Nauta - a close aide charged with six criminal counts in the case - was sitting at the same table as the former president.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The view from inside the Trump courtroom

On the opposite side of the room sat the entire prosecution team, including special counsel Jack Smith, who announced the indictment last week.

The former president, who turned 77 on Wednesday, was allowed to leave court without any restrictions to domestic or international travel. Prosecutors told Magistrate Judge Jonathan Goodman the defendant was not considered a flight risk.

But Mr Trump will not be allowed to discuss the case with Mr Nauta.

After the hearing, the Republican flashed supporters a thumbs-up as his motorcade left the courthouse. As they drove away, an anti-Trump protester dressed in a prison jumpsuit ran into the street in front of the motorcade before he was pushed away by security - perhaps the most unruly moment of a largely peaceful day.

Mr Trump and his security detail travelled directly to Versailles, a popular Cuban restaurant in Miami's Little Havana, where he was greeted by a throng of supporters who lined up for photos with the former president.

He appeared to take part in a prayer with some patrons, and was treated to a chorus of Happy Birthday to You.

Alina Habba, a lawyer attorney for the former president, repeated the former president's claims that the charges were politically motivated as she addressed media outside court.

"We are at a turning point in our nation's history, the targeting prosecution of a leading political opponent is the type of thing you see in dictatorships like Cuba and Venezuela," she told reporters.

"What is being done to the President Trump should terrify all citizens of this country," she added.

Before the hearing, court officials said Mr Trump would not have a mugshot taken but would be digitally fingerprinted and asked to submit a DNA sample by swab.

A trial date has not yet been set, though the case is still earmarked for Aileen Cannon, a federal district judge in South Florida who was appointed by Mr Trump.

The charges, which were made public on Friday, came after FBI agents found more than 100 documents with classified markings at Mr Trump's private Florida estate Mar-a-Lago in August.

They allegedly contained information about the defence and weapons capabilities of both the US and foreign countries, as well as plans for possible retaliation in response to a foreign attack.

Prosecutors accuse him of hoarding the files, storing some in a ballroom and a bathroom, and of engaging in a conspiracy with an aide to obstruct the FBI's inquiry.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Trump supporters outside court: 'They're afraid of him'

Mr Trump's legal troubles appear not to have diminished his support among Republican voters.

A poll by the BBC's US partner CBS found 76% of likely Republican primary voters were more concerned about the indictment being politically motivated than about the documents posing a national security risk.

Protocol dictates that the Department of Justice, the federal agency that enforces US law, should operate independently from the White House. Mr Biden, who is subject to a separate probe into his own handling of classified files, said last week: "I have never once - not one single time - suggested to the justice department what they should do."

Legal experts say the criminal charges could lead to substantial prison time if Mr Trump is convicted. He has vowed, however, to continue his campaign for president whatever the verdict.

Mr Trump's court appearance is his second in less than three months. He was arraigned in April in New York on charges that he falsified business records for a hush-money payment to a porn star ahead of the 2016 election.

Last updated on .From the section Boxing

Boxer Tommy Fury will face YouTuber KSI in a bout at Manchester's AO Arena on 14 October.

Unlike that bout, the match-up with KSI, 30, will not be sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) as a professional fight.

KSI, real name Olajide Olatunji, has previously fought in a variety of exhibition bouts, twice taking on Paul's brother Logan.

Logan Paul will fight as part of the double main event on October's card against a yet-to-be-named opponent.

Former Love Island star Fury, the brother of WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury, called the fight "easy money" adding: "All that is left for me to do is send this man to sleep. I'll do that inside four rounds."

However, KSI promised to "silence all the doubters that believe I have no chance" in what he says is "the toughest fight in the influencer boxing scene".

Fury is unbeaten in nine professional fights, winning four by knockout.

He was expected to beat Jake Paul easily in February, but that fight went the distance and ended in a split decision in his favour.

KSI found fame with The Sidemen and is regularly involved in sketches on their YouTube channel, which has more than 18 million subscribers.

In April, he was forced to apologise for a racial slur in a YouTube video, an incident which led him to take a break from social media.

October's card, which will be live on DAZN, is organised by Misfits Events who are sanctioned not by the BBBofC, but instead by a body called the Professional Boxing Association (PBA).

The PBA is not the recognised sanctioning body in the UK, and KSI does not hold a professional licence in the country, so the Fury bout does not count towards professional records.

David and Sara Watson with their late son Adam, who died in August 2022 after almost three years of illness

Financial support for families with a child in hospital would help them cope with cost such as transport and food, two parents have said.

The Northern Ireland Children's Health Coalition has called for a a £4m fund to give families a grant of £500 a year.

David and Sara Watson said that money would have made a difference to them.

Their son Adam was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia in October 2019 when he was seven.

His parents were living on one wage for many months with a sick child and many parents in similar situations also face costs such as food, drink, fuel, parking, overnight accommodation and childcare.

"You are starting to count pennies and say: 'We need that amount of money for diesel to get us up and down to hospital for five days this week and we have that for food,'" said Mr Watson.

"Money does not come into it when you have a sick child but you still need money to survive.

"You need money to keep that child as comfortable as possible."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'Money doesn't come into when you have a sick child, but you still need money to survive'

Mrs Watson said her family were fortunate that they had a great support network around them.

But she added: "No family wants to be known as a charity case, that you are having to rely on somebody dropping money round or you are having to rely on family.

"You feel like you owe it to try and go back to work to show that you are not in this to try and rip people off.

"You are trying your hardest. You are trying to get your child better, keep a roof over your head, trying to live and trying to work and it just builds up."

David Watson pictured with his son Adam in hospital while the child was being treated for leukaemia

Mrs Watson said Adam was aware of the cost-of-living crisis and was watching the news when it talked about people having to make a choice between feeding their family or heating their homes.

She said he asked her: "Mummy, do we have money to do both? Do we have money to do both because you and daddy cannot work at the minute because I'm sick?

"The money thing is one side of it but it is the mental impact that has on us and a child.

"To hear your son, whilst he is lying there fighting for his life, worrying about his mummy and daddy being able to pay the bills and heating the house."

Prof Victoria Simms, an academic from Ulster University who carried out a study on the issue, said she found the data "quite shocking".

"There is a disproportionate effect on family income and that is not good for the parents themselves, for their own self-esteem for example, but also for the environment in which those children are going to grow up," she said.

The professor added that there was a "lack of awareness around the welfare state that they can access and have a right to access".

Instead, she said, the research found families were "going to their own parents to ask for income support because they do not want to necessarily access the welfare system".

"It just really hits home that these families are doing their best to support their little children and older children that are experiencing long term issues and we really need to support those families the best that we can," said Prof Simms.

Prof Victoria Simms said parents with children in hospital often rely on financial support from their families

The Northern Ireland Children's Health Coalition is calling for direct financial support for families who live in Northern Ireland and also cover hospitalisations across the UK and Ireland.

Its co-chairwoman Alison McNulty said that money would help reduce the anxiety families have to bear because of the physical, mental, and practical impact of having a child in hospital.

"We are putting our parents in very difficult financial situations because they have a very ill child and those children could be in hospital for weeks, months or often a number of times over a given year," she said.

"It will help them with petrol, staying overnight when they have a very sick child, feeding themselves when their child is in hospital and it will go a long way to alleviate some of that stress and anxiety that many of our parents are under."

Ms McNulty said implementing such a fund would be easy as there was already a mechanism in place for rolling it out - it just needs the Northern Ireland Executive to vote for funding to be put into place.

"I understand that there are pressures on government at the moment but we cannot let a group of our citizens here in Northern Ireland go without support, to fall between the cracks, because they and their children are suffering when such a fund could make a huge difference," she said.

Adam Watson's parents said he was worried about their lack of income while he was in hospital

"No family should ever fall into debt because they have a sick child," said Mr Watson.

"It is a stress you do not need.

"You are not looking to make money because your child is sick, you are just looking to survive," he said.

The nurse, originally from Hereford, denies all of the charges

The jury in the trial of nurse Lucy Letby have been told to approach their deliberations in a "fair, calm, objective and analytical way".

Judge Mr Justice James Goss told them it would be "instinctive for anyone to react with horror" to any allegation of killing or harming a child.

Ms Letby, 33, denies murdering seven children and attempting to kill 10 others at Countess of Chester Hospital.

Her trial, which has been sitting since October, is drawing to a close.

Mr Justice Goss earlier gave his first set of legal directions to the jury, who will retire to consider their verdicts in the coming weeks.

The neonatal nurse, originally from Hereford, is accused of carrying out the attacks throughout 2015 and 2016.

The jury has heard more than eight months of evidence, including claims she deliberately injected some children with air or poisoned them with insulin.

Ms Letby has insisted she did not harm any of the babies, pointed to issues of poor hygiene in the hospital and accused senior doctors of mounting a conspiracy against her.

Mr Justice Goss told the jury of eight women and four men that they were "the judges of the facts" and any decisions should be based on "evidence and not speculation".

"It is instinctive for anyone to react with horror to any allegation of deliberately harming - let alone killing - a child, the more so a vulnerable, premature baby," he said.

Ms Letby gave evidence in her own defence during the trial

"You will naturally feel sympathy for all the parents in this case, particularly those who have lost a child and the harrowing circumstances of their deaths.

"You must, however, judge the case on all the evidence in a fair, calm, objective and analytical way."

Mr Justice Goss said it was the prosecution's case that Ms Letby deliberately harmed the babies, intending to kill them.

"Some of the babies, they allege, were subjected to repeated attempts to kill them," he said.

This was a case in which the prosecution "substantially, but not wholly" relied on circumstantial evidence, he told the jury.

"The defendant was the only member of nursing and clinical staff who was on duty each time that the collapses of all the babies occurred and had associations with them at material times, either being the designated nurse or working on the unit," he said.

The attackes are alleged to have been carried out at Countess of Chester hospital

Outlining the defence's case, Mr Justice Goss said it was their view that there were "possible causes for many of the collapses other than an intentional harmful act" and the prosecution's expert evidence "could not be relied on".

He added: "It is for the prosecution to prove the defendant's guilt of any offence by making you sure of her guilt.

"She has no burden of proving her innocence.

"If you are not sure she is guilty of any offence, your verdict should be not guilty.

"If you are sure of her guilt, your verdict should be guilty."

Both the defence and prosecution are expected to give their closing statements next week.

The judge will then sum up the evidence in the case before the jury are sent out to begin their deliberations.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Johanita Kossiwa Dogbey was attacked on Monday afternoon in Brixton

A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in south London, as well as offences connected to other alleged stabbing attacks.

Johanita Kossiwa Dogbey, 31, was killed on Stockwell Park Walk in Brixton on Monday afternoon.

Mohamed Nur is accused of her murder and possession of an offensive weapon.

Mr Nur, 33, is also accused of another count of possession of an offensive weapon and causing grievous bodily harm to three people, last Saturday.

The Metropolitan Police said two women and a man suffered slash injuries in Town Hall Parade, Brixton Road and Acre Lane in Brixton during a one-hour period.

Ms Dogbey was treated by paramedics but pronounced dead at the scene

Earlier on Friday, Mr Nur, of Bond Way in Vauxhall, appeared at Croydon Magistrates' Court where he was remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey next week.

Ms Dogbey's family has described her as a "smart, dedicated and loving" woman who "hasn't got one bad bone in her body".

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The only NHS gender identity facility for young people is based at the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust

The closure of the only NHS gender clinic for children in England and Wales has been delayed to March 2024, about a year later than first planned.

The Gender Identity Development Service (Gids), based at London's Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust, will be replaced by two regional hubs.

A southern hub will open in autumn, with the northern hub following next April.

A review said a new model was needed, after Gids was heavily criticised.

No new first patient appointments for those on the waiting list to be seen will be offered until the southern hub opens, but the Tavistock will continue providing care for the roughly 1,000 children it is currently treating.

There is currently thought to be a waiting list of several thousand for children wanting to use the service. An online support service will launch in June to provide support to those waiting to be seen.

The new hubs are being formed with partnerships managed by London's Great Ormond Street Hospital and Alder Hey Children's Hospital, in Liverpool.

Robbie de Santos of LGBTQ+ charity Stonewall said it was "pleased with the continuity of care" for existing patients "ensuring their needs are met until new services are ready" and also welcomed the regional hubs.

"However, we remain concerned about waiting times and urge NHS England to continue to communicate plans and provide further support for those on the waiting list," he said.

Transgender Trend, a UK campaign group that questions the increase in diagnoses of transgender children, said it was also concerned about the number of children on the waiting list as they may have co-existing mental health needs.

"We would like to see some temporary provision put in for children on the wait list to see a mental health professional," it said.

"CAMHS [Child and Adult Mental Health Services] therapists are already adequately trained to deal with such co-existing issues affecting children with gender-related distress."

The Tavistock clinic was rated as "inadequate" by inspectors who visited in late 2020 after the BBC's Newsnight programme reported whistleblowers' concerns.

The subsequent review called for more "holistic" care, looking at patients' overall needs.

There has been a large increase in referrals to the clinic in recent years and it has struggled to meet demand.

Many of those referred were recorded as female at birth but developed gender distress in their early teens.

In July last year, NHS England announced Gids would close in spring 2023, following the interim report by Dr Hilary Cass which called the current single service "unsustainable". NHS England said the timetable had since been revised because of the complexity involved.

More than 5,000 patients were referred to Gids in 2021-2022.

Thirty million users have signed up for Meta's newly launched Threads app on its first day, the company's chief Mark Zuckerberg says.

He pitched the app as a "friendly" rival to Twitter, which was bought by Elon Musk in October.

Experts say Threads could attract Twitter users unhappy with recent changes to the platform.

But Twitter CEO Linda Yaccarino said though Twitter is "often imitated", its community can "never be duplicated".

Threads allows users to post up to 500 characters, and has many features similar to Twitter.

Earlier, Mr Zuckerberg said keeping the platform "friendly... will ultimately be the key to its success".

But Mr Musk responded: "It is infinitely preferable to be attacked by strangers on Twitter, than indulge in the false happiness of hide-the-pain Instagram."

When asked on Threads whether the app will be "bigger than Twitter", Mr Zuckerberg said: "It'll take some time, but I think there should be a public conversations app with 1 billion+ people on it.

"Twitter has had the opportunity to do this but hasn't nailed it. Hopefully we will."

The launch has had a warm response online, with one person telling the BBC they saw Threads as a "much-needed competitor" to Twitter.

Competitors have criticised the amount of data the app might use. This may include health, financial, and browsing data linked to users' identities, according to the Apple App Store.

Some users have also expressed concern that it is not possible to delete your Threads profile without deleting the associated Instagram profile. Meta told the BBC: "At this time, you can't delete your Threads profile without deleting your Instagram account. This is something we're working on. In the meantime, you can deactivate your Threads profile at any time.

"Deactivating your Threads profile will not deactivate your Instagram account".

Deactivation will mean your Threads profile, your posts and interactions with others' posts won't be visible, the firm added.

Users can download and delete Threads data by visiting their Instagram settings, Meta says.

Threads is now available to download in over 100 countries including the UK, but not yet in the EU because of regulatory concerns.

Have you signed up for Threads and what do you think of the app? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

Meta, which owns Facebook and Instagram, called the new app an "initial version", with extra features planned including the ability to interact with people on other social media apps like Mastodon.

"Our vision with Threads is to take what Instagram does best and expand that to text," the firm said prior to its launch.

Despite Threads being a standalone app, users log in using an Instagram account. Their Instagram username carries over, but there is an option to customize their profile specifically for Threads.

Users will also be able to choose to follow the same accounts they do on Instagram, Meta says. The app allows users to be private on Instagram, but public on Threads.

The new app's release comes after criticism of Meta's business practices.

Last year, Meta whistleblower Frances Haugen said the company had put "profits over safety" and criticised how the platform was moderated.

The company was also rocked by a scandal in which it allowed third parties, including British political consultancy Cambridge Analytica, to access Facebook users' personal data.

In an apparent reference to this controversial past, Mr Musk joked on Monday "thank goodness they're so sanely run".

There are several alternatives to Twitter available, such as Bluesky and Mastodon, but these have struggled to gain traction.

Threads has a significant advantage because it is connected to Instagram, and the hundreds of millions of users already on that platform.

On Threads, posts can be shared to Instagram and vice versa and can include links, photos, and videos of up to five minutes in length.

However, some early users on Wednesday reported problems when uploading images, hinting at teething problems.

Users see a feed of posts, which Meta calls "threads", from people they follow as well as recommended content.

They are able to control who can "mention" them and filter out replies to posts that contain specific words.

Unfollowing, blocking, restricting or reporting other profiles is also possible, and any accounts users block on Instagram are automatically blocked on Threads.

While Meta stresses ties to Instagram, media coverage has focused on its similarity to Twitter, with some investors describing the app as a "Twitter killer".

Posts can be shared between Threads and Instagram and can include links, photos, and videos

On Saturday, Twitter boss Elon Musk restricted the number of tweets users could see on his platform per day, citing extreme "data scraping".

It was Mr Musk's latest push to get users to sign up to Twitter Blue, the platform's subscription service.

Twitter has also announced that its popular user dashboard TweetDeck will go behind a paywall in 30 days' time.

Since Mr Musk took over, many users of Twitter have publicly expressed their dissatisfaction with the platform and his stewardship - citing erratic behaviour and political views.

Last month, Mr Musk and Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg agreed - possibly in jest - to a cage fight, and Mr Zuckerberg's early posts on Threads mentioned his interest in mixed martial arts.

While Threads will be available in the UK, it is not yet available in the EU because of regulatory uncertainty, particularly around the EU's Digital Markets Act.

But the company says it is looking into launching in the EU.

That act lays down rules on how large companies such as Meta can share data between platforms that they own. The sharing of data between Threads and Instagram is part of the issue.

Meta maintains protecting privacy is fundamental to its business.

Lord Justice Haddon-Cave has stepped down from his role as a judge to lead the inquiry

The inquiry into allegations of unlawful killings by UK special forces in Afghanistan is critical to "restoring the reputation of the military and the country", its chair has said.

The inquiry will look into night raids carried out by UK special forces between mid-2010 and mid-2013.

It will examine both allegations of killings and of subsequent cover-ups.

The inquiry will look specifically at night raids known as Deliberate Detention Operations (DDOs), which were carried out by special-forces units.

It comes after what the judge described as "significant reporting" by the BBC's Panorama programme last year, which revealed that one British SAS squadron may have unlawfully killed at least 54 Afghans during one six-month tour.

The inquiry also follows legal challenges brought by two families of people killed by British forces in DDOs.

Launching the inquiry on Wednesday, Lord Justice Haddon-Cave called for anyone with relevant information to come forward.

"It is clearly important that anyone who has broken the law is referred to the relevant authorities for investigation, and equally, those who have done nothing wrong should rightly have the cloud of suspicion lifted from them," he said.

Lord Justice Haddon-Cave said many of the inquiry's hearings would have to be held in private because of the "highly sensitive" nature of the testimony.

Abdul Aziz Uzbakzai, an Afghan farmer whose son and daughter-in-law were killed by British special forces during a night raid in 2012 and whose grandsons Imran and Bilal were gravely wounded in the operation, told the BBC the inquiry "cannot bring back my son and daughter-in-law, nor can it bring Imran and Bilal's parents back to them".

"But after 11 long years, I still want the British soldiers and other officials to come forward and reveal the truth," Mr Uzbakzai said.

"We are still unaware of why we were targeted, and we long to know why."

Do you have information about this story that you want to share?

Get in touch using SecureDrop, a highly anonymous and secure way of whistleblowing to the BBC which uses the TOR network.

Or by using the Signal messaging app, an end-to-end encrypted message service designed to protect your data.

Please note that the SecureDrop link will only work in a Tor browser. For information on keeping secure and anonymous, here's some advice on how to use SecureDrop.

Tessa Gregory, a partner at law firm Leigh Day, which has represented some of the family members of those killed on DDOs, said the firm's clients welcomed the launch of the inquiry.

"Throughout years of secrecy and cover-ups our clients have fought tirelessly for justice for their loved ones' deaths and they hope that a bright light will now be shone on the practices and command of UK special forces in Afghanistan," Ms Gregory said.

In 2014, the Royal Military Police launched Operation Northmoor, an investigation into the allegations of unlawful killings, but it was formally closed in 2019 with no charges.

The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said at the time that no evidence of criminality had been found, despite Operation Northmoor having more than 600 alleged offences in its scope.

Royal Military Police investigators told the BBC last year their efforts to gather evidence during Operation Northmoor had been obstructed by the British military, and they disputed the MoD's statement that no evidence of criminality had been found.

As well as the underlying allegations of unlawful killings, the inquiry will examine whether the actions of the MoD and investigations by the Royal Military Police were adequate.

The MoD told the BBC on Wednesday it was also encouraging anyone with information to come forward to the inquiry. A spokesperson said it was not appropriate for the MoD to comment further "on cases which are within the scope of the Statutory Inquiry", adding that it was "up to the Statutory Inquiry Team, led by Lord Justice Haddon-Cave, to determine which allegations are investigated".

Labour's shadow defence secretary, John Healey, said: "This special inquiry is welcome and must succeed."

He added: "This cannot be swept under the carpet."

The Metropolitan Police is expected to be heavily criticised for being racist, sexist and homophobic in a report.

Baroness Casey's review will be published on Tuesday.

She was appointed to review the force's culture and standards after the murder of Sarah Everard by serving officer Wayne Couzens.

The BBC has not seen a draft of Baroness Casey's report but understands that it will heavily criticise the Met's tolerance of wrongdoing.

The report is also expected to criticise how the Met protects its own people ahead of the public.

A government source told the BBC the findings of the draft report were "very serious" and would make for "bad reading".

Home Secretary Suella Braverman has been in talks with the Met Commissioner, Sir Mark Rowley, this week about the findings after it is understood the final draft of the report was sent to them.

Sir Mark was appointed commissioner in September and even after the critical report is published next week, the Home Office will back his leadership to reform the Met and bring about change, and wants to give him the time to do so.

The force is already facing a separate independent inquiry into how Couzens and the serial rapist officer David Carrick were able to become policemen and were not identified as threats to women.

The interim Casey review which was published in October found hundreds of Met officers had been getting away with breaking the law and misconduct.

It found many claims of sexual misconduct, misogyny, racism and homophobia had been badly mishandled.

Sir Mark apologised and admitted there were officers still serving who should have been sacked.

While the interim report focused on the failures of the force's internal misconduct system, this final report is expected to be much wider.

It has examined, and will criticise the culture, recruitment, training and leadership of the force.

One source told the BBC the final report contained a lot of findings that were extremely bad for the Met.

The BBC has spoken to two women whose ex-partners are serving Met officers. Both women raised concerns that the force is unable to deal with abusive officers within its ranks.

Sally, not her real name, was living with a Met officer who she met when he investigated a crime she had been a victim of. Last year, she told the Met that he had domestically abused her and had misused police powers. He is now going through the Met's misconduct system and is on restricted duties.

She told the BBC she felt as though the force had not dealt with her complaints.

"I think it's easier to let these police officers stay than to get rid of them," she said. "He's still working, he's still getting paid, he's still going to get his full pension.

"I don't trust the police at all and I do not understand why we report allegations against the police to other police officers. There is no place in the police service for an officer like him, absolutely not."

A woman the BBC has called Natalie to protect her identity claims her ex-husband, a Met officer, coercively controlled her. She said she struggled to find the right avenues to complain to the force to get them to take action.

"You're brought up to believe the police are there to protect. The police should be there to protect, that's what we pay taxes for but they just seem to protect themselves."

"I've been in police stations, I've spoken to policewomen who squeezed my arm and looked compassionate, and told me this time it would be sorted. (That) it was unacceptable" she said. "You hear nothing and it then makes him worse. He's bolstered by this isn't he? He's enabled and protected."

Cdr James Harman from the Met's directorate of professional standards acknowledged that the force needs to do more, saying: "I recognise that we are in a bad place but we are committed and absolutely determined to turn that around and we are going to do so.

"I completely understand that people will often feel nervous or hesitant to report a crime committed by the police."

The Met Police said in a statement "the report will play an important role in informing and shaping our work to deliver 'More Trust, Less Crime and High Standards'.

"It will be published next week which will be the appropriate point for us to respond in further detail."

A Home Office spokesperson said: "The Home Secretary has been clear that culture and standards in policing must be raised in order to regain the trust and confidence of the public. We await the publication of Baroness Casey's full report."

A statement from a spokesperson for the Casey Review has said the review will "not be commenting on its contents ahead of publication". They have also asked other parties not to comment either.

"The review into the culture and standards of the Metropolitan Police was commissioned in light of the appalling facts relating to the murderer of Sarah Everard" the statement read.

"This must be remembered if at all possible as we move towards its publication".

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Please email us: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

US climate envoy John Kerry said on Thursday that the US would not pay climate reparations "under any circumstances"

The US says it will not "under any circumstances" pay reparations to developing countries hit by climate change-fuelled disasters.

Climate envoy John Kerry made the remarks at a Congress hearing before flying to China to discuss the issue.

Some countries want major economies - which produce the most greenhouse gases - to pay for past emissions.

A fund has been established for poorer nations, but it remains unclear how much richer countries will pay.

Mr Kerry, a former secretary of state, was asked during a hearing before a House of Representatives foreign affairs committee whether the US would pay countries that have been damaged by floods, storms and other climate-driven disasters.

"No, under no circumstances," he said in response to a question from Brian Mast, the committee chair.

He was speaking days before he was due to travel to Beijing to meet with officials to discuss issues around climate change, including plans for this year's UN climate conference, COP28, which will take place in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, in November.

At last year's conference - COP27 in Egypt - more than 200 countries agreed to create a loss and damage fund, which will be financed mainly by developed nations before the money is distributed to "particularly vulnerable" nations.

Although the agreement was billed as one of the major successes of the summit, there are still many details that need to be ironed out, including how much richer nations will pay and how money will be distributed. A series of meetings have been taking place this year aimed at addressing these issues.

Developing nations - which are disproportionately impacted by climate-related impacts - have called for guaranteed compensation from developed countries, who they say are historically responsible for climate change through their high emissions of greenhouse gases.

Richer countries recognise the need to contribute greater funds towards the issue, but framing the payments as reparations is controversial, with some claiming it is a divisive term.

Developing countries also argue that finance targets to address the issue of climate change are too low.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The government has announced plans to sanction Iranian officials behind what it called hostile activities in the UK.

The foreign secretary said since January 2022 there had been 15 credible threats by Iran's regime to kill or kidnap Britons or UK-based people.

Under existing legislation, the UK can sanction Iranians for human rights violations or nuclear proliferation activities within the Islamic republic.

The UK will not "tolerate this malign behaviour", James Cleverly said.

The new plans would allow the government to target Iranians responsible for "hostile activities towards the UK and our partners… including threats to our people, property or security". Iranians sending missiles and drones to Russia could also be sanctioned.

The Foreign Office said Iran had increased its efforts "to kill or kidnap individuals perceived to be enemies of the regime outside of Iran, including in the UK".

Under the new regime, Iranians could also be sanctioned for undermining "peace, stability and security in the Middle East and internationally", for using or spreading "weapons or weapons technologies from Iran", and undermining democracy, rule of law and good governance.

The Foreign Office said legislation establishing the new sanctions regime would be put before parliament later this year.

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the move showed that "the UK has sent a clear message to the regime - we will not tolerate this malign behaviour and we will hold you to account".

"Our new sanctions regime will help to ensure there can be no hiding place for those who seek to do us harm," he added.

Labour has asked Mr Cleverly for an update on the proscription of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).

Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy told the Commons: "The government will be aware of the long-standing strength of feeling from many sides of the House and from members of the Iranian diaspora on the question of proscription of the IRGC...

"I understand, of course, that there are diplomatic dimensions to this question, but I'm sure this House would welcome an update from him on the issue."

The Prince of Wales took an unsuspecting customer's booking on the telephone as he and the Princess of Wales visited an Indian street food restaurant in Birmingham.

Prince William answered the unexpected phone call and took a booking for two while he and Catherine were being served a range of Indian dishes at the Indian Streatery in Bennetts Hill.

The customer was Vinay Aggarwal who visited the restaurant with his wife Ankita Gulati on Thursday afternoon and said he was stunned at the Royal's involvement.

"I didn't recognise his voice at all, this is the first time I was listening to him on the phone, so I genuinely thought someone was taking the booking for me," he said.

The Kremlin's airspace is supposed to be under heavy guard

A dramatic statement from the Russian presidential administration claimed that Ukraine had used two drones to attack the Kremlin - at the heart of Moscow - overnight.

Russian forces apparently used radar equipment to disable the drones. There were no casualties, and the president was unhurt, it said.

But the Kremlin did call it "an assassination attempt" against Vladimir Putin.

A number of videos then surfaced. They appear to show at least one drone flying towards the Kremlin, followed by an explosion. Another appears to show smoke rising from a Kremlin structure, and a fire. The BBC has been unable to verify that it was a drone and it is unclear what really happened.

But if what the Kremlin is saying is true, and this was a genuine attempt on the president's life, then it would be a highly embarrassing incident for the Kremlin.

By all accounts, Mr Putin appears to be one of the most closely-guarded leaders in the world. At his events in Moscow attended by BBC journalists, extremely tight security has been in place, including extensive checks and long convoys of vehicles, with airspace closed and traffic halted.

Questions will now be asked about how well-protected the Russian leader is - and about the effectiveness of Russian air defences.

In recent months, anti-aircraft systems have been spotted on Moscow rooftops in the vicinity of key buildings, including the defence ministry. They have been placed there precisely for this reason - because the Kremlin is concerned that Ukraine, or those sympathetic to Ukraine, may attempt to carry out aerial attacks on high-value targets.

If that's what this incident was, then those measures failed.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

This is the latest in a string of attacks and explosions that have hit Russian territory in recent weeks and months.

The last few days have seen a spike in such incidents. On Wednesday morning, a fuel depot caught fire in Russia's Krasnodar Region, reportedly caused by a drone attack. Two freight trains were derailed in Bryansk Region, near the border with Ukraine, on Monday and Tuesday, in separate but identical incidents. The local governor said improvised explosive devices were to blame.

Over the weekend, Russia-installed officials in occupied Crimea claimed Ukrainian drones were responsible for an attack on a fuel storage facility.

The frequency of such attacks is causing nervousness amongst ordinary Russians.

Russian media report that police in Moscow have been inundated with calls from the public reporting drone sightings in the capital.

Ukraine has vehemently denied attacking the Kremlin or targeting President Putin. But whether the Russian account of what happened is accurate or not, the question now is whether Moscow will respond - and if so, how.

Some Russian officials have already called for tough action. An assassination attempt against the president, if that's what this was, is an extremely serious matter. Russian generals have warned many times of harsh responses to strikes on Russian territory.

But does Russia have the capacity to carry out any meaningful retaliatory strikes? It remains to be seen whether this incident will lead to any significant escalation on the battlefield.

Nicola Foster (left) and Yvette Sampson bonded over their loss of their daughters

In 2018, two new mothers died of herpes - a common, normally mild infection - just weeks apart, shortly after giving birth by Caesarean section at the same NHS Trust. Following an inquest into both deaths, their families say they will continue their fight to find out what happened.

Once a month for the past year and a half, Yvette Sampson and Nicola Foster have met up in a coffee shop in Canterbury, Kent. The first meeting, says Nicola, was "very tearful. They still are now, sometimes. Because we've both been in the same situation, we understand how the other's feeling."

At first glance, the two women are not natural companions. Their personalities are very different - Yvette, 54, is quiet and softly spoken while Nicola, 56, is louder and more forthright.

But their inner cores - an ironclad determination sustained by overwhelming grief - matters more than any superficial characteristics. "We have helped each other. No-one else can understand it unless you've been through it," says Nicola.

Despite not meeting until 2021, the two women have known of each other since the summer of 2018, when their daughters died seven weeks apart in extraordinary circumstances.

Yvette's daughter Kimberley died in May that year aged 29, three weeks after giving birth to her second child by Caesarean section. Then in early July, 32-year-old Samantha Mulcahy, Nicola's daughter, died 10 days after she gave birth to her first child, also by Caesarean section.

At the time, health officials insisted the two deaths were not linked. But a BBC investigation in 2021 established apparent links between the two deaths - both had been operated on by the same surgeon.

On 14 July a coroner concluded that it was "unlikely" that the surgeon was "the source of the infection", leaving unanswered questions for their families.

Both Samantha and Kimberley were treated in hospitals run by the East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust. And on 26 July, the coroner ruled both had died following a "disseminated" herpes infection before or around the delivery of their babies that caused multi-organ failure.

It is estimated about 70% of adults have one of two types of the herpes simplex virus by the age of 25, but for the vast majority of people this will only cause occasional, mild symptoms at worst.

Deaths caused by HSV-1 - herpes simplex 1 - are almost unheard of in healthy people.

In a statement after the inquest into Kimberley and Samantha's deaths, the trust's chief executive Tracey Fletcher offered "sincere condolences" to their families, adding that it had made changes since 2018 "to ensure that if such a rare infection arising from this virus is suspected, it will be treated more quickly".

In mid-July 2018, Yvette attended a meeting with senior clinicians at the trust. By this point, she knew of the death of Nicola's daughter, Samantha. Yvette asked whether any of the same healthcare staff had treated Samantha and Yvette's own daughter, Kimberley.

"I was told, it was something they were still looking into," she says. "And then I said, but if you do find out there is a healthcare [link] you will let us know, won't you? And they said yes."

She now believes the trust was not being honest, however. Though Kimberley had been treated at the Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital in Margate, and Samantha at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford, the same surgeon had performed both Caesarean operations, an inquest into both women's deaths heard. And by the time of that meeting, the trust knew this. At the inquest, the trust did not deny that it withheld this information from the families.

Ms Fletcher, the trust's chief executive, apologised after the inquest for the "additional and unnecessary suffering the trust has caused these families through failing to answer their questions after Kimberley and Samantha's deaths and contributing to the delays in their inquests being heard". She said the trust was changing the way it responds when things go wrong, adding: "We are truly sorry."

Yvette says she was "definitely" lied to when it told her Samantha and Kimberley had not been treated by the same staff.

Despite the trust failing to acknowledge any link, the two mothers refused to accept the narrative that their daughters' deaths had been unfortunate, unlikely coincidences. "I couldn't let it go," says Yvette, who with her husband Louis is raising Kimberley's two children.

Both Nicola and Yvette knew of the other family affected but investigated each death alone.

Nicola did spend time on Facebook trying to find the Sampsons but couldn't locate them. Yvette isn't on social media, and while similarly keen to speak to Samantha's family, she wanted to "respect" the grief they were going through.

As well as grieving for her daughter, Nicola - who owns a cleaning firm - also had to try to support her son-in-law, now on his own with a new baby.

Ryan Mulcahy's life had swung violently from the high of having his first child to losing his wife in a matter of days.

Ryan says he felt could not grieve for Samantha because he needed to be there for their daughter

Samantha and Ryan were teenage sweethearts who married in September 2017. It wasn't too long before Samantha found out she was expecting a baby. Though there were complications during the pregnancy, their daughter was born healthy. "I felt like my world was complete," Ryan says.

But Samantha wasn't recovering as expected, and despite what had happened to Kimberley only a few weeks previously, doctors struggled to identify what was making Samantha ill.

"She just kept saying, 'It hurts. It hurts,'" remembers Ryan. "I told her… that I loved her and just to keep fighting."

But she died before she could be moved.

In the aftermath of her death, Ryan felt "complete numbness". He says he wanted to grieve but felt he couldn't because he needed to be there for their daughter, as Samantha would have wanted.

Ryan says of their child: "The one thing that terrifies me is that later on, she's going to blame herself." He worries she will think "'this wouldn't have happened to Sam if she wasn't there' - that's what I don't want.

"I want her to know that it's nothing to do with her."

Like Nicola, Ryan has spent the years since desperately trying to find out what happened to Samantha, both for himself and his daughter.

A breakthrough came in the summer of 2021, when Yvette was on holiday in Tenerife. She received an email - a batch of documents she had requested through Freedom of Information requests after being advised to do so by the BBC.

That is when she found out that the same surgeon, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had operated on both Kimberley and Samantha, and that the trust had been encouraged in the summer of 2018, by an external laboratory, to test the surgeon - to check if he could have infected them, something the trust never did.

"I was in total shock," she said in an emotional witness statement at the inquest. "I felt betrayed. I even felt foolish that I had let these people [from the trust] into my home. I had trusted and believed in what they told me."

Following the initial BBC story, Nicola and Yvette met up and have become firm friends since, a bond strengthened when both went through the gruelling inquest process.

The start of the inquest was delayed for several weeks when, the night before it was due to begin, the trust applied for reporting restrictions to prevent the same surgeon who carried out both procedures being named.

Over nine days, the families had to sit through aggressive questioning as the trust's barrister probed both mothers' enduring belief that their daughters had been infected, unwittingly, by the same surgeon.

"I know they have a job to do," says Nicola. "But sometimes I think they need to actually stop and think before they speak and maybe think if that was their daughter, and that had happened to them. How would they actually feel?"

Then on 14 July, after numerous delays, the coroner, Catherine Wood, outlined her conclusions.

Yvette Sampson says the loss of her daughter has left her family "absolutely heartbroken"

Ms Wood found that "on the balance of probabilities, it was unlikely that the obstetrician in common was the common source of the infection", in part as the trust had never tested the surgeon back in 2018. Ms Wood was unable to come to a conclusion as to how the virus had been caught by the two women.

In Kimberley's case, the coroner found that doctors should have considered that she may have been suffering from a viral infection 48 hours earlier than they did - and that if they had, and treated her accordingly, she may have survived.

Ms Wood found that in Samantha's case, her symptoms were not so straightforward to spot, so "there was no clinical indications to commence" anti-viral drugs before it was likely already too late to make a difference.

As the rain started to pour outside Maidstone Town Hall, where the inquest was heard, both Nicola and Yvette reflected on the loss their families have suffered. Despite the coroner's conclusion, both remain convinced the surgeon did infect their daughters.

"Losing Sam has left a massive void in our lives and a little girl without her mummy," says Nicola.

"The last five years have felt like a real fight for answers. I've not been able to grieve properly because I've been so focused on getting answers about what happened to Kim, and why it happened. It's consumed my life. I'll always be angry and upset at everything I've had to go through to get to this stage," says Yvette.

"Whilst I have some answers as to how Kim came by her death - as a mother, there are still many questions I have about what happened, which remain outstanding."

The family of a young woman murdered by her boyfriend has said he should serve longer in prison before being considered for parole.

Ross McCullam was jailed for life in December for killing 23-year-old Megan Newborough and told he would serve at least 23 years before being considered for release.

The Court of Appeal rejected a bid by the solicitor general to increase his sentence on Tuesday.

Her family said they were stunned.

McCullam, 30, and Ms Newborough were colleagues who had been in a short relationship before he invited her to his home in Windsor Close, Coalville, Leicestershire, on 6 August 2021.

He strangled her and slashed her throat with a knife before driving to a remote rural location and hiding her body in undergrowth.

He then lied to police to try to cover up what he had done.

McCullam strangled Ms Newborough in the living room of his home

McCullam admitted the manslaughter of Ms Newborough, from Nuneaton, Warwickshire, but denied murdering her.

He claimed he lost control of himself when he attacked her during an episode of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), triggered by abuse he suffered as a child.

The jury convicted him of murder after a six-week trial.

A judge jailed him for life beginning his sentence consideration at 15 years before parole and adding eight for aggravating factors such as McCullam's cover-up.

At Tuesday's Court of Appeal hearing, lawyers for Solicitor General Michael Tomlinson argued McCullam should serve a minimum of 30 years before parole because the murder involved sexual conduct.

They said McCullam had expressed violent sexual fantasies in messages to Ms Newborough "which she did not share" in the weeks before he killed her.

They also said McCullam searched for violent killers on the internet and watched pornography in the hours after the murder.

However the appeal judges said they were "not persuaded that there is any basis in which it can be said that the judge fell into error" and upheld the original sentence.

Ms Newborough's father Anthony told the BBC: "We had found a sense of justice when a cold, calculated killer was brought to justice for taking our daughter from us and convicted for murder in December last year.

"We went [to the Court of Appeal] optimistic that we had a hearing and some confidence that, having got that far, the sentence would be increased.

"We were left very upset, stunned and shell-shocked that the sentence remained the same.

"The sentence guidelines need to be changed as 15 years as a starting point for murder in comparison to other crimes is far too low for taking someone's life."

Ms Newborough's family said she was sensible and safety-conscious

Mr Newborough added: "We want to keep Megan's name in the public domain to ensure that other girls and young women do not suffer a similar fate and to ensure that those causing untold harm will face the punishment they deserve.

"There is not a day that goes by when we are not thinking about Megan in one way or another.

"We would like to thank our family and friends for all their continued support."

He said the family was considering options for campaigning to change the sentencing guidelines.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Gary Lineker left his home on Saturday to watch Leicester City's match against Chelsea

BBC Scotland has curtailed its sports coverage amid the ongoing row over Gary Lineker.

The Match of the Day presenter was taken off air after tweeting about the UK government's new migration law, prompting a row over BBC impartiality.

Many UK-wide sports programme have already been hit by an impromptu staff boycott in support of Lineker.

BBC Scotland said it would only be able to bring "limited sport programming this weekend".

In a statement the corporation said: "Sportscene will run this evening on BBC One Scotland and BBC Scotland, with an amended format similar to current plans for Match of the Day.

"Some of the Sportsound slot on Radio Scotland was replaced by pre-recorded material.

"We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sport fans.

"We are working hard to resolve the situation and hope to do so soon."

The statement added schedules would be amended to reflect the changes.

It is unclear how planned BBC Scotland coverage of major sporting events on Sunday, including the Six Nations and Scottish Cup, will be affected.

The row began on Tuesday, when controversial plans were unveiled to ban people arriving in the UK illegally from ever claiming asylum.

The UK government says the tough measures are necessary to address a rise in the number of people crossing the Channel in small boats.

But Lineker reacted to it on Twitter calling it an "immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The ex-England striker, who is employed by the BBC on a freelance basis, has hosted Match of the Day since 1999 and is the corporation's highest paid star, having earned about £1.35m in 2020-21.

BBC employees are expected to be remain impartial on political matters and must follow strict social media guidelines, but there is significant debate about how they should apply to staff outside of news.

After Lineker was suspended on Friday several high profile stars, including Ian Wright and Alan Shearer, confirmed they would not be appearing on Match of the Day.

BBC director general Tim Davie, who has said impartiality should be at the heart of the corporation, told a BBC journalist: "I think we always look to take proportionate action and that's what we've done."

By Saturday several BBC TV and radio sports shows had been pulled at the last minute, including Football Focus, Final Score and Fighting Talk.

First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is among those who have criticised the decision to suspend the former footballer.

On Friday she tweeted: "As a strong supporter of public service broadcasting, I want to be able to defend the BBC. But the decision to take @GaryLineker off air is indefensible. It is undermining free speech in the face of political pressure - & it does always seem to be rightwing pressure it caves to."

Scientists have braved 50C heat and venomous snakes to track down a "leopard-print" frog virtually unknown to science and learn how it reproduces.

Argentinian conservation scientists are fighting to protect the tiny Santa Fe frog, which is under threat as its habitat in one of the world's driest forests, the Dry Chaco, is cut down.

They discovered it hides in caves, emerging only to call for a mate.

And for the first time they found tadpoles of the species.

"It's not been an easy journey so far, but we're determined to do what we can to secure the future for this wonderful amphibian," said Isis Ibañez, who leads the Santa Fe frog project, based in Buenos Aires.

The Santa Fe frog (Leptodactylus laticeps) is largely unknown to science despite being discovered more than a century ago.

Found only in Argentina, Bolivia and Paraguay, the frog is now rare due to the loss of the tropical dry forests in which it lives.

The researchers set up camera traps to locate the brightly-coloured frogs and study their behaviour.

Most frogs attract a mate by calling loudly from a pond, stream or swamp, but this species lives underground.

The team found the males emerged at nightfall to advertise their presence, then hopped back down their burrows with interested females.

Finding the frogs meant searching in the dark

After digging for hours at night they eventually found evidence of eggs and tadpoles for the first time.

Investigating the frog's breeding behaviour is the first step towards protecting it in the wild.

By drawing attention to the plight of the frog the conservation scientists hope to highlight the biodiversity of the Dry (or Grand) Chaco - and other animals at risk of extinction.

"This species is a clear example of why we have to defend the forest in the Dry Chaco," said team member, Camila Deutsch. "We don't have much time."

The scientists are also liaising with local community leaders, hunters and farmers to learn more about the frog and how to better protect it.

Three of the team members: Camila Deutsch, Gabriela Agostini and Sofia Perrone

The Grand Chaco has a mixed landscape of low, dry forests and savannas

The Grand Chaco is a large expanse of forest and dusty plains straddling parts of Bolivia, Argentina and Paraguay.

The Chaco woodlands have been gradually cleared over the past few decades to make way for cropland and ranches.

The forest has one of the highest deforestation rates on the planet though it attracts less attention than its Amazon neighbour.

The area has been dubbed "El Impenetrable" and even "hell on Earth" for its inaccessibility and extreme temperatures. Temperatures can reach 50C in the daytime and there is very little rainfall.

Yet wildlife thrives in the harsh conditions, including hundreds of different birds, mammals, reptiles and amphibians.

"It's a dry forest with an incredible biodiversity," said Gabriela Agostini.

Amphibians are at high risk of extinction. A pathogenic fungus has been ravaging populations around the world for about 40 years.

The animals are also under pressure from habitat loss and hunting.

The Santa Fe frog project is supported by the Conservation Leadership Programme (CLP) - an initiative run by Fauna & Flora, BirdLife International and the Wildlife Conservation Society.

Pupils were allowed to leave the school after being locked down for the morning

A teenage boy is being questioned on suspicion of the attempted murder of a teacher who was stabbed at a school.

The male teacher was taken to hospital with a single wound after being attacked at Tewkesbury Academy in Gloucestershire just after 09:00 BST.

Firearms officers arrested the suspect two hours later in Stoke Orchard, about three miles (4.8km) away, and a knife was seized.

The injured teacher was discharged from hospital on Monday evening.

Tewkesbury Academy has said it would reopen on Tuesday.

Gloucestershire police received a call from the ambulance service on Monday morning saying a teacher had been injured in a corridor at the school.

Officers said a "thorough" search was conducted after initial reports suggested the boy was still on the school's property.

"It was initially thought that the suspect had fled the scene and hidden himself within the school grounds," said Assistant Chief Constable Richard Ocone, of Gloucestershire Police.

"This search was both complex and meticulous in nature as we sought to ensure there were no further injured parties as well as seeking the arrest of the suspect," he added.

Two other schools also went into lockdown following the stabbing and further searches were conducted to make sure no-one else was hurt.

"Specialist resources including the National Police Air Service and plain-clothed officers were deployed to search the wider area," said ACC Ocone.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police said there will be more officers in the area over the coming days

One teacher kept his pupils safe by sitting in front of a classroom door and barricaded it, said one parent.

Daniel said his daughter video called him and he could see her teacher "supporting the whole class".

"The teacher sat right by the door. He barricaded the door, put some boxes there and kept everyone cool even though he must have been scared himself," he added.

Michelle, whose 13-year-old son Alex is in Year 8, said she was very relieved to be able to collect him from school.

"You get the message from school to say it has been locked down and it says urgent," she said.

"Then you hear that a teacher has been stabbed and the children are all locked down. The first instinct is to get to the school as quickly as you can, which I didn't do, and I listened to the school and stayed away as long as I possibly could."

Michelle said the teacher involved was "very popular" with parents and pupils alike.

Emergency services were seen outside Alderman Knight school, which shares the same site

Police said they were keeping an "open mind" about a possible motive and more patrols would be seen in the area.

"At this time there is no evidence to suggest it is terrorism related. However, we are keeping an open mind while further enquiries are carried out," said ACC Ocone.

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said she was "deeply concerned" by the stabbing.

"We are closely monitoring the situation and remain hugely grateful to the emergency services who are currently on the scene," added Ms Keegan.

"My department is on hand to support the school as the situation unfolds."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: A parent of a pupil praised one teacher who supported his class during the incident

Martyn and Julia, parents of Year 7 student Katie, said the school and police had kept them informed.

"The school was communicating throughout the morning. The students were allowed to turn their phones on, which we were most grateful for."

Julia said: "Hearing about it this morning felt very strange - it doesn't happen here. I know it sounds a cliche and you see it happening on the news in other places."

Erica, who has a child at Tewkesbury Academy, said she was happy that the incident was resolved quickly.

"It is worrying that these things can happen in any school and all the more important that as parents we take responsibility for teaching our children awareness of the destructive nature of this type of incident," she said.

Parents said the police and school had kept them informed

Richard Stanley, leader of Tewkesbury Borough Council, said it had been a difficult day for the community.

"Tewkesbury is a very safe place, it's a small community and I don't think there's a particular issue here. It's a national issue in terms of young people carrying knives."

Laurence Robertson, Conservative MP for the town, said he planned to meet with the education secretary and the home secretary to discuss knife crime.

"The government has taken certain steps to bring it [knife crime] back under control, but I would be the first to say that much more needs to be done," he told BBC Points West.

Following the incident, The National Education Union (NEU) tweeted that its thoughts were with all staff, pupils and parents involved.

"This is a shocking incident. Violence has no place in our schools and colleges," it said.

ACC Ocone said: "This was clearly a very distressing incident and our thoughts are with the victim, their family and everyone impacted by what happened.

"We are working with the school and other agencies to ensure appropriate support is available and local people will see more police in the area over the coming days as the investigation continues."

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

England must "demand higher" standards from each other, striker Alessia Russo says after an underwhelming start to their Euro 2025 qualifying campaign as they drew at home with Sweden.

The defending European champions took the lead at Wembley Stadium on Friday thanks to Russo's header but were far from their flowing best, giving away possession too easily and looking vulnerable to Sweden's counter-attacking threat.

They switched off in the second half, allowing Sweden back into the game when Fridolina Rolfo nodded in at the back post to make it 1-1.

Drawn in a tough group with Sweden, France and the Republic of Ireland, who England face next in Dublin on Tuesday, this felt like a missed opportunity to capitalise in front of a home crowd.

Russo, who was one of England's brightest players before being substituted in the second half, admitted to frustrations with the performance.

"Sweden are a top side, our group is tough. We're a good side too so I think it's disappointing but we've come up against a strong side," she told ITV.

"Our standards are high, we know we can demand higher of each other. We will own that, but across the board, there were lower standards that we can improve on.

"We struggled to figure out the problems but we did get a draw. Every result and every point counts."

It was a somewhat flat atmosphere at Wembley after a big build-up before kick-off with fans throwing paper aeroplanes in the second half, before getting out their phone camera lights as England's performance dipped.

Sweden, ranked sixth in the world, know what the Lionesses are capable of having fallen to a heavy semi-final defeat at Euro 2022 on the way to Sarina Wiegman's side lifting the trophy.

But as Wiegman said, this was a far more even encounter.

"This group is really tough. Of course I'm disappointed - because we always want to win," she said.

"At the end of the game, if you watch it back, we were very close to scoring a goal. Overall it was a pretty equal game. We had more possession of the ball but you can see also how dangerous their counter-attacks were. I think the draw reflects how the game was."

England will also face France, ranked third in the world, in qualifying. Only the top two teams from their group qualify automatically for next summer's Euros in Switzerland, with the other two sides entering the play-offs.

And former England midfielder Karen Carney said the Lionesses needed to improve their concentration for the remaining fixtures, adding that Sweden were the better team in the second half.

"If England were switched on, Sweden's goal doesn't happen. Lucy Bronze wasn't paying attention at the back post," she added.

"Sweden were the better team in the second half. Tuesday's game against the Republic of Ireland is a must-win. This is the group of death and it is really, really tricky.

"We are European champions and we need three points. It is a massive game and the performance needs to improve but we need three points."

Former England international Ian Wright added: "England gave Sweden the impetus. We were very poor tonight, especially in the midfield area, where we were very sloppy. We are fortunate to not lose that game."

The then Prince Charles meets fishmonger Pat O'Connell at the English Market in Cork in 2018

As King Charles III prepares to take to the throne he also takes on another legacy left over by his mother.

Queen Elizabeth II's 2011 trip to the Republic of Ireland is often seen as a turning point in Anglo-Irish relations.

Will her son continue those steps in reconciliation and what has his relationship been with the Republic of Ireland?

Marie Coleman, professor of 20th Century history at Queen's University Belfast, said that rather than building on his mother's legacy he is "continuing his own legacy of building those good relations".

"The Queen's visit didn't happen in isolation. The groundwork had been laid by the man who is now King Charles," she told BBC News NI.

Queen Elizabeth II and President Mary McAleese at Áras an Uachtaráin in Phoenix Park, Dublin 2011

Before the Queen's visit to the Republic of Ireland in 2011, King George V's visit in 1911 was the last by a British monarch.

During that century-long gap there were seismic events that strained an already complicated relationship - Irish independence, partition and, in the latter part of the 20th Century, the Troubles.

Prof Coleman said "the ice between the Irish and the British royals" had been broken by Charles himself when he visited the Republic of Ireland in 1995.

It was the first official visit by a British Royal Family member since Irish independence.

"I'm not convinced that enough credit is given to him for that particular visit," said Prof Coleman.

In many ways King Charles III has a had a closer personal relationship with Ireland than his mother did.

As Prince Charles he has come on private visits as a personal friend of the Duke of Devonshire of Lismore Castle in County Waterford.

He was also co-patron with Irish President Michael D Higgins of the Institute of Irish Studies at the University of Liverpool.

There have been huge changes in Ireland since Charles' great-grandfather King George V visited Maynooth, County Kildare

"He has one of the closest relationships with Ireland, certainly in the last decade, than any monarch I can think of in recent centuries," said Prof Coleman.

Since his 2015 Mullaghmore visit he has been a regular visitor.

As soon as Covid restrictions were lifted he was back visiting in 2022 - with a trip to Tipperary.

"I would not be surprised if the Republic of Ireland was high on his agenda for some sort of significant visit early in his reign," added Prof Coleman.

The royals paid a visit to the Rock of Cashel in 2022

As Prince Charles he made a meaningful trip in 2015, visiting Mullaghmore in County Sligo where his great-uncle was murdered in 1979.

The IRA detonated a bomb on a fishing boat at Mullaghmore, killing Lord Mountbatten, his 14-year-old grandson, Nicholas Knatchbull, and 15-year-old Paul Maxwell.

The Dowager Lady Brabourne died the day after the attack.

"We know that he (Mountbatten) was a formative influence on the prince in his in his early years, so that must have been quite a significant emotional blow to him," said Prof Coleman.

The visit was a significant milestone - the then prince was the first senior member of the Royal Family to visit the scene of the attack.

During that visit he also met Gerry Adams, then president of Sinn Féin.

Speaking at the time, he said: "At the time I could not imagine how we could come to terms with the anguish of such a deep loss, since for me Lord Mountbatten represented the grandfather I never had.

He said the island of Ireland had "more than its fair share of turbulence and troubles" and "those directly affected don't easily forget the pain".

Then Prince Charles and his wife Camilla with Timothy Knatchbull whose twin brother died in the bomb which killed Lord Mountbatten

"So I suppose in some ways, maybe that trip brought him some closure," said Prof Coleman.

"But it is representative of the way in which the Troubles affected not just people on the island of Ireland or people from Britain who are affected, but it it affected the Royal Family and the King himself in a very personal way," she added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "It seemed as if the foundations of all we held dear in life had been torn apart irreparably" - Prince Charles

The invite and acceptance list for the Coronation shows signs of how far Anglo-Irish relations have come.

Prof Coleman said the attendance of the President of Ireland is significant.

"The Irish Free State when it was still a dominion refused to go in 1937. The Republic of Ireland was not represented in 1953 so it's quite an important departure for the Republic of Ireland also."

Even more significant is the presence of Sinn Féin vice-president Michelle O'Neill - who has accepted an invitation to attend the coronation.

"It's even an advance on Sinn Féin's position last September, at the time of the death of the Queen, where they drew a distinction between attending events which marked the passing of the Queen, and not attending events which mark the accession of the new King," said Prof Coleman.

"So it looks like their position has even developed from that," she added.

However, the academic said that much of the progress made in Anglo-Irish relations has been affected by Brexit.

Brexit - the UK's departure from the EU - saw it leave a union once shared with Ireland.

It also raised questions of sovereignty, identity and borders.

Has the drawn-out departure and protracted negotiations over the Irish border and trade put extra strain on relations between the two governments?

Prof Coleman said the process had "damaged those good relations which the Queen had done so much to forge particularly during that visit in 2011".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least one person has been killed and 19 injured in Russian missile strikes on the Ukrainian port city of Odesa, officials have said.

The Transfiguration Cathedral in the Unesco world heritage-listed historic centre was also badly damaged.

Russia claimed its Odesa targets were being used to prepare "terrorist acts" and blamed Sunday's cathedral attack on Ukrainian air defence.

Moscow has been launching near-constant attacks on Odesa since it withdrew from a landmark grain deal on Monday.

Regional governor Oleh Kiper said 14 people, including four children, were taken to hospital on Sunday after the blasts - that also destroyed six residential buildings. .

Kyiv accused Russia of "destroying" the cathedral as part of a campaign to "systematically" harm the Orthodox Church in the country.

"A war crime that will never be forgotten and forgiven #RussiaIsATerroristState," its foreign ministry tweeted.

The damage is as colossal as the cathedral itself. The cracks along its walls represent the strain Odesa has found itself under after a week of constant attacks from the skies.

There is no doubt this was a direct hit from a missile.

Most of the roof is missing. The building's thick ancient walls are still standing but there are pillars leaning at a worrying angle.

Teams have been ferociously picking up debris since the impact in the small hours of this morning.

They show us fragments of what they say was the Russian missile, which destroyed a place of worship under Moscow's control. A cruel irony which is likely to be unintended.

The building is Odesa's largest Orthodox church and was consecrated in 1809. It was demolished by the Soviet Union in 1939, before being rebuilt in 2003.

Andriy Palchuk, the archdeacon of the cathedral, said he was the first person to arrive at the scene.

"The destruction is enormous; half of the cathedral was left without a roof, and the central piles and foundation were destroyed," he said.

"All the windows and stucco moulding were blown out. There was a fragmentary fire, the part where icons and candles are sold in the church caught fire. It was all on fire, burning."

Unesco, the UN's cultural agency, said it was "deeply dismayed and condemns in the strongest terms" the attack on the historic centre of Odesa.

It has repeatedly urged Russia to cease attacks on Odesa. The city's historic centre was designated an endangered World Heritage by the organisation earlier this year, despite Russian opposition.

But in an update posted to Facebook, Ukraine's southern command said Russia had targeted the Odesa region with at least five different types of missiles.

The head of Ukraine's presidential office, Andriy Yermak, repeated calls for more missiles and defence systems after the latest attack on Odesa.

"This is the undisguised terror of a peaceful city," Mr Yermak wrote on Telegram. "The enemy must be deprived of the opportunity to attack civilians and infrastructure."

Moscow has notably stepped up attacks on the port city since it withdrew from the UN backed grain deal on Monday and Ukraine has accused it of targeting grain supplies and infrastructure vital to the deal.

A strike earlier this week destroyed some 60,000 tonnes of grain, officials said.

Odesa is Ukraine's biggest port, and millions of tonnes of grain have been shipped from its docks under the terms of the deal.

The deal - brokered by Turkey and the UN - between Russia and Ukraine was struck in July 2022, allowing cargo ships to sail along a corridor in the Black Sea.

A small British military reconnaissance team is in Sudan to consider evacuation options, as pressure builds on the government to rescue more UK nationals.

Defence minister James Heappey confirmed troops are there - but no evacuation plan has yet been announced.

On Sunday, the UK airlifted diplomats and their families out of Sudan in a military operation.

But thousands of UK passport holders remain in the country, where hundreds have died amid street gun battles.

Violence broke out on 15 April, primarily in the capital city Khartoum, between rival military factions battling for control of Africa's third largest country.

Around 4,000 UK citizens are thought to be in Sudan and 2,000 of them have already requested help, Foreign Office minister Andrew Mitchell told MPs on Tuesday.

Hundreds of people have been airlifted from Sudan by other countries, including more than 1,000 people by European Union nations. Five British people were among nearly 200 people evacuated by Saudi Arabia.

Some UK nationals have said they felt abandoned by the government.

Amar Osman, a British citizen from Dunfermline in Fife, told the BBC he feared his family would die in Sudan unless they could get themselves out after becoming trapped north of the capital.

"It's getting worse by the minute, so we're thinking of evacuating by road to Egypt," said Mr Osman, who was visiting relatives when fighting began.

"I'm doing it all by myself. I'm getting the money together, I'm getting all my family together. There's six of us."

News of a 72 hour ceasefire due to come into effect from midnight on Tuesday will raise hopes that a mass evacuation may be more feasible, but previous agreements between the warring parties have failed to hold.

The BBC understands a small military team landed in Port Sudan, more than 500 miles from Khartoum, to assess potential routes out.

Work is under way to provide the prime minister with several options, defence sources said, and it is understood two Royal Navy ships are already in the region - the frigate HMS Lancaster which was already at sea, and supply ship RFA Cardigan Bay which is in Bahrain where it was undergoing maintenance.

Mr Mitchell urged anyone trapped in Sudan to stay indoors where possible but to "exercise their own judgement about whether to relocate", adding they "do so at their own risk".

He told the Commons that Khartoum's main airport, where there has been fighting in recent days, was "out of action". Energy and communications were disrupted, while food and water were becoming "increasingly scarce", he said.

Defence sources told the BBC any Sudan evacuation would be more difficult than the August 2021 Afghanistan airlift, due to fighting around the capital and an absence of troops already on the ground.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Khartoum is "more dynamic, more dangerous" than Kabul was at the time, they said, with armed clashes happening "in the neighbourhoods where western nationals are most heavily concentrated".

Commenting on the advice being issued to people trapped in Sudan, the defence source added: "If you tell people to stay at home they may be less likely to get shot. But the availability of food and water in the city is increasingly limited.

"If you tell people to leave home it's towards safety. Then they get closer to food and water but they might be at increased risk."

Responding to questions from MPs, Mr Mitchell also confirmed that neither the UK's ambassador to Sudan nor the deputy head of mission were in the country when the conflict began.

A team of 200 officials is working around the clock in the Foreign Office to provide consular assistance to those who need it, and regular updates are being issued, he added.

British doctor Iman Abu Gargar told the BBC she was able to leave with the French evacuation because Irish passport holders, including her son, were able to join.

Speaking from Djibouti, which lies to the east of Sudan, Dr Gargar said she felt left behind by the UK. She said she was forced to leave her father there, adding: "There were only difficult decisions to make. I hope no-one has to make the decisions I had to make."

Some MPs have put pressure on the government to speed up efforts, including Alicia Kearns, the Tory chairwoman of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, who told the Commons that "time is running out".

Labour's shadow minister for Africa, Lyn Brown, said what people trapped in Sudan need to hear "is a clear plan on how the government will support those still in danger and how they will communicate with them and when".

She added: "Naturally, questions will be asked about whether the government has learned the lessons of the chaotic Afghanistan withdrawal."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A successful operation to rescue diplomats and their families was carried out over the weekend, after gun battles broke out around the embassy in Khartoum.

The BBC understands that UK special forces troops landed in Khartoum on Saturday alongside the US evacuation team.

Military vehicles were used to rescue embassy staff and transport them to an airport outside the capital, before they were flown to Cyprus.

Around 1,200 personnel from the Army, Royal Navy and Royal Air Force were involved in the rescue, and a C-130 Hercules and Airbus A400M transport aircraft were used.

Mr Heappey, who holds the armed forces portfolio in the MoD, said the embassy rescue mission "went without a hitch" despite its complexity but that the "job isn't done".

The situation on the ground is at times "extremely dangerous", he said, and the "window in which the environment is permissive is rarely long enough in which to do the military options".

Mr Heappey admitted the UK had been caught out by the rapid deterioration in Sudan, adding: "It is fair to say that nobody in the UK government nor really in the wider international community saw fighting of this ferocity breaking out in the way that it did."

Around 400 UK nationals in Sudan hold only a British passport, while about 4,000 more are dual citizens, Mr Mitchell told the Commons.

Another Cobra meeting - an emergency response committee made up of ministers, civil servants and others - was held on Monday to discuss the situation.

UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres told a meeting of the UN Security Council that the situation in Sudan was worsening and the country was on "the edge of the abyss".

"The violence must stop. It risks a catastrophic conflagration within Sudan that could engulf the whole region and beyond," he said.

Sudan has experienced a near total internet outage in recent days, but BBC Monitoring reported that some connectivity was returning on Monday night.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Great-grandad, 111, is now the world's oldest man

A great-grandfather from Merseyside has become the world's oldest living man.

John Tinniswood, who is 111 years and 223 days old, puts his longevity down to a fish and chips on a Friday and having hiked regularly when he was young.

Mr Tinniswood, who now lives in a care home in Southport, advises "exercising the mind" and "moderation".

The previous title-holder, Juan Vicente Pérez Mora of Venezuela, died aged 114 on Tuesday.

Mr Tinniswood, a Liverpool FC fan, was born in the city on 26 August 1912, and can recall standing on the terraces watching Billy Liddell and Everton's Dixie Dean.

He met his wife, Blodwen, during World War Two, and they married in 1942.

The couple were married for 44 years until Blodwen died in 1986.

Their daughter, Susan, was born in 1943.

He worked for Royal Mail, for Shell, and for BP until he retired in 1972.

He said his earliest memory was his first day at school at Lawrence Road and later The Holt Secondary School, now known as Childwall Comprehensive School.

He said he did not have a special diet but continues to enjoy his favourite meal, fish and chips, every Friday.

He also recommended to "never over-tax your system" for a healthy life, and to get along with people.

"We are all different people," he said.

"It is up to us to make that difference work, otherwise everything fails."

Mr Tinniswood was presented with the Guinness World Records certificate on 4 April.

The world's oldest living woman, and oldest living person overall, is Spain's Maria Branyas Morera, who recently celebrated her 117th birthday.

The evidence for the oldest man living was examined by Guinness World Records' Senior Consultant for Gerontology, Robert Young, and the Gerontology Research Group.

Why not follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The House of Lords has rejected an attempt by the government to extend the amount of time children can be detained in its migration bill.

The government's Illegal Migration Bill removes the existing legal cap on how long children can be held before being deported for arriving illegally.

But peers voted to reinsert protections more in line with current legislation.

They also voted to reinstate protections for people claiming to be victims of trafficking.

Ministers suffered a series of defeats on the Illegal Migration Bill on Wednesday evening.

Each vote added back in provisions which had been removed by MPs in votes in the House of Commons on Tuesday.

These changes can be removed again when the bill goes back to the House where - unlike in the Lords - the government has a majority. Under usual parliamentary procedure, the House of Lords can require MPs to reconsider bills but cannot force the government to accept changes.

But it raises the prospect of another clash between ministers and Tory backbenchers over contested aspects of the legislation.

The bill, backed by MPs in March, is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's high-profile pledge to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel.

It would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

The government says it is committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, despite the Court of Appeal ruling it was unlawful. It has already said it will appeal the decision at the Supreme Court.

There has been concern about how children will be treated under the new migration bill, as well as accusations that existing UK regulations to prevent modern slavery would be undermined.

Although the legal duty to deport migrants would not apply to under-18s the bill would give ministers new powers to deport them in certain circumstances detain them for extended periods.

It would also extend the limit on how long children could be detained before apply for bail from three days to eight. A previous version of the bill proposed allowing children to be detained without the ability to apply for bail for up to 28 days.

The government argues detention powers are necessary to ensure migrants destined for removal do not "disappear into the community" - and says no one would be held longer than is "absolutely necessary" to ensure they are deported.

It adds that there is also an over-arching legal duty to ensure the length of detention is "reasonable", adding that leaving the UK voluntarily will "always be an option for all".

Ahead of the vote in the House of Commons on Tuesday, the Home Office offered to reintroduce a 72-hour time limit on the detention of pregnant women.

Amendments passed by the House of Lords would also mean a 72-hour time limit on the detention of unaccompanied children. Detention of accompanied children will be limited to 96 hours under proposals approved by peers - which could be extended to a maximum of seven days if approved by a minister.

The government had previously watered down its child detention plans in the face of a rebellion by backbench Conservative MPs.

In other votes on Wednesday, the Lords voted to reinsert a ban on deportations of LGBT migrants to 10 mainly African countries, including Rwanda, Nigeria and Kenya - with a specific ban on trans men and women being deported to Brazil. The same proposals had previously been approved by peers in July.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Suella Braverman says she is "confident nothing untoward happened", but has refused to be drawn over whether she asked civil servants to arrange a one-to-one speed awareness course for her.

The home secretary was caught speeding in 2022 and, according to reports, asked the civil service for advice on arranging a private course.

The PM is under pressure to investigate whether she broke the ministerial code.

Rishi Sunak has asked his ethics adviser about the case.

He has also spoken to the home secretary, and Downing Street said he still had confidence in the home secretary.

Mrs Braverman is under scrutiny not over the speeding offence itself, but over whether she acted properly in relation to the civil service, by asking officials to assist with a private matter, over a one-to-one speed awareness course.

After being caught speeding, Ms Braverman faced getting three points on her licence and a fine, or a course as part of a group.

A government source told the BBC the senior minister had been "concerned" about her insurance premiums, and favoured doing a course. She is reported to have asked civil servants about a one-on-one course, citing security concerns about doing one as part of a group. She was told it was not a matter for the civil service.

She then asked a special adviser to try to arrange a private course.

When the speed course provider said there was no option to do this, Mrs Braverman opted to pay the fine and accept the points, because she was "very busy" a source told the BBC. By this point she had been reappointed as home secretary in Mr Sunak's government.

The same government source refused to say whether Mrs Braverman's motivation to do the course in private was to reduce the chances of her being recognised by members of the public.

Speeding awareness course providers are contracted by individual police forces. According to UK Road Offender Education, the not-for-profit organisation responsible, these contracts make "no provision for private one-to-one courses" at the request of the driver.

The ministerial code requires ministers to ensure "no conflict arises" between their public duties and their private interests.

Repeatedly asked in an interview whether she instructed officials to arrange a one-on-one speeding course, Mrs Braverman said: "Last summer, I was speeding, I regret that, I paid the fine and I took the points."

Asked whether she would welcome an investigation into what happened or if she had spoken to the prime minister about it, Ms Braverman said: "I am focussed on working as the home secretary."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Yvette Cooper claims Suella Braverman is "not answering basic factual questions" about her 2022 speeding fine

Speaking to the Westminster Hour on BBC Radio 4, former senior civil servant Sir Philip Rycroft said Mrs Braverman's reported actions appeared to be a "real lapse of judgement".

"Obviously, there's still investigations to be done and so on but the code is very clear. Ministers must ensure that no conflict arises or appears to arise between their public duties and their private interests.

"Even asking a question of a civil servant as to how she might go on one of these courses puts them in an impossible position."

The ministerial code sets standards of conduct expected of ministers, including that they must uphold the political impartiality of the civil service.

Former business secretary Jacob Rees-Mogg told Radio 4's World at One, he was confident Ms Braverman had not broken any rules.

"What goes on in private offices is a minister is busy and has many things to do and sometimes will ask for something the civil servants can't do," he said.

"As soon as once they say no, and you accept it, you haven't done anything wrong."

In the Commons, Mr Sunak told MPs he has "asked for further information" and will update MPs "on the appropriate course of action in due course".

The prime minister's official spokesman said Mr Sunak "wants to avail himself of all the information before he makes a decision". The prime minister still has confidence in the home secretary, the spokesman added.

Mrs Braverman was in Downing Street on Monday lunchtime, and afterwards headed to the House of Commons for a scheduled question session from MPs on Home Office issues.

During the session, Mrs Braverman was repeatedly pressed on whether she had asked civil servants to arrange a private speed awareness course.

Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: "If the home secretary can't grip on her own rule-breaking behaviour how can she get a grip on anything else."

The home secretary told MPs she had paid the speeding fine and had not sought to avoid any sanction.

Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer said the prime minister should order his adviser, Sir Laurie Magnus, to investigate whether ministerial rules were broken.

Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Sir Keir said it looked like "inappropriate action took place" from the home secretary that "needs to be fully investigated".

"The usual consequence of breaking the ministerial code is that you'll go," he added.

The Liberal Democrats are also calling for an investigation and said Mr Sunak needed to make a statement in Parliament about the claims.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Did you have any questions about the summit?" Rishi Sunak asks the BBC's Chris Mason

Answering questions at the G7 summit over the weekend, Mr Sunak apparently did not know anything about the story the until it was first reported in the Sunday Times. and he declined to say whether he would be ordering an investigation.

Speaking at a news conference, he also declined to say he backed Mrs Braverman - but a Downing Street source later said that "of course" he did.

After serving as attorney general between February 2020 and September 2022, Mrs Braverman was promoted to home secretary under Liz Truss.

She resigned on 19 October after sending an official document from a personal email to a backbench MP - describing it as a "technical infringement of the rules". But she was reappointed to the same role by Mr Sunak six days later following the collapse of Liz Truss's government.

The United States has designated journalist Evan Gershkovich as being "wrongfully detained" by Russia and called for his immediate release.

Mr Gershkovich, an experienced Russia reporter, was arrested last month in the city of Yekaterinburg while working for the Wall Street Journal (WSJ).

He has since been formally charged with spying, but the WSJ denies this.

It is the first time Moscow has accused a US journalist of espionage since the Soviet era.

The "wrongfully detained" designation in the US means the case will now be transferred to the office of the Special Envoy for Hostage Affairs. This will raise the profile of the case and allow the government to allocate more resources to securing his release.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken "made a determination that Evan Gershkovich is wrongfully detained by Russia", state department spokesman Vedant Patel said.

He called for the "immediate release" of Mr Gershkovich and condemned "the Kremlin's continued repression of independent voices in Russia, and its ongoing war against the truth."

The WSJ said: "The distinction will unlock additional resources and attention at the highest levels of the US government in securing his release."

"We are doing everything in our power to support Evan and his family," it added.

Russia has not granted US consular officials access to Mr Gershkovich, which is in violation of international law, Mr Patel told reporters earlier on Monday.

Last week the Russian foreign ministry said the issue of consular access was being resolved but added that the "fuss in the US about this case, which was aimed at pressurising the Russian authorities... was hopeless and senseless".

Mr Gershkovich, 31, is well known among foreign correspondents in Moscow. BBC Russia Editor Steve Rosenberg describes him as an excellent reporter and a highly principled journalist.

The WSJ said its reporter had dropped out of contact with his editors on 28 March while in Yekaterinberg.

Russia's FSB security service said it had halted "illegal activities" by detaining the journalist.

Press freedom watchdog Reporters Without Borders said he had gone to Yekaterinburg to cover Russian mercenary group Wagner, which has taken part in some of the heaviest fighting in eastern Ukraine.

According to a report by the James Foley Legacy Foundation, which advocates for the freedom of Americans being held hostage abroad, at least 65 Americans were being unfairly detained abroad in 2022.

The foundation is named after a US journalist abducted in Syria and killed by the Islamic State group in 2014.

Creed III actor Jonathan Majors has been arrested on strangulation, assault and harassment charges.

The New York Police Department said Mr Majors, who stars alongside Michael B Jordan in the recently released film, was involved in a domestic dispute with a 30-year-old woman on Saturday.

"The victim informed police she was assaulted," a police spokesperson said.

Mr Majors was briefly taken into custody. A lawyer for the 33-year-old actor denied any wrongdoing.

The NYPD said they were called around 11:14 local time after receiving a 911 call from an apartment in Manhattan's Chelsea district.

They added the woman suffered minor head and neck injuries and was taken to hospital.

He was released from custody by Saturday night, an NYPD spokesperson told the Associated Press news agency.

In a statement obtained by the BBC, Mr Majors' lawyer said the actor was "completely innocent" and alleged the star was the victim of the altercation involving a woman known to him.

Priya Chaudhry said: "We are quickly gathering and presenting evidence to the District Attorney with the expectation that all charges will be dropped imminently.

"This evidence includes video footage from the vehicle where this episode took place, witness testimony from the driver and others who both saw and heard the episode, and most importantly, two written statements from the woman recanting these allegations.

"All the evidence proves that Mr Majors is entirely innocent and did not assault her whatsoever."

Mr Majors' arrest comes just weeks after the actor presented an award at the Oscars.

His career took off after breaking through in 2019's The Last Black Man in San Francisco, before going onto to star in Netflix western The Harder They Fall and Marvel Comics film Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania.

Jonathan Majors, right, and Creed III co-star Michael B Jordan recently presented an award at the Oscars

Canadian rock band Sum 41 have announced they are to disband, after one final album and world tour.

The pop-punk act, best known for tracks like In Too Deep and Fatlip, formed in Ontario in 1996 and went on to release seven albums with various line-ups.

In a social media post on Monday, they confirmed that their eighth, Heaven and Hell, would be their last.

They said the band had brought "some of the best moments of our lives", but they were now excited about the future.

"We are forever grateful to our fans both old and new, who have supported us in every way," they said in a statement.

"It is hard to articulate the love and respect we have for all of you and we wanted you to hear it from us first."

The group went on to say they would be fulfilling all of their existing tour dates this year, before releasing their last album and then embarking on a final worldwide tour "to celebrate".

"For now, we look forward to seeing all of you [people] on the road and are excited for what the future will bring for each of us," they added.

"Thank you for the last 27 years of Sum 41."

This YouTube post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on YouTube The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts. Skip youtube video by Sum41VEVO This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. YouTube content may contain adverts.

Sum 41 - now comprising frontman and only remaining original member Deryck Whibley, alongside Dave Baksh, Jason "Cone" McCaslin, Tom Thacker, and Frank Zummo - began life as a NOFX covers band.

They rose to fame in 2001 with the release of their angsty, debut album All Killer, No Filler, after which they were invited to open MTV's 20th anniversary show in collaboration with fellow rockers Tommy Lee, of Motley Crue-fame, and Judas Priest's Rob Halford.

Mixing raucous rock guitars with energetic rap-style vocals, the hard-touring band made it to the top of the pop-punk scene alongside the likes of Green Day and Blink-182.

In 2014, Whibley thanked fans for their support following his hospital treatment for alcohol abuse.

Dan Kaszeta will no longer be speaking at tomorrow's Chemical Weapons Demilitarisation Conference, despite being invited to do so four months ago

A global expert on nerve agents, stood down from speaking at a government-backed conference, says he believes it is because he is outspoken on a range of issues including asylum policy.

Dan Kaszeta was disinvited from Tuesday's conference after his social media content was vetted.

The Ministry of Defence said checks on people speaking at government-organised events ensured a balanced discussion.

But Mr Kaszeta insisted he would have only spoken on his area of expertise.

That is firmly in the area of chemical, biological and radiological weapons and warfare - a subject in which he has gathered three decades of experience. He also spent 12 years working as an adviser for the White House.

So when the Ministry of Defence was putting together the guest list for the 25th annual Chemical Weapons Demilitarisation Conference - which in its own words would "bring together international experts and promoting collaboration to achieve a future free from chemical weapons" - Mr Kaszeta's services as a keynote speaker were secured back in January.

The American, who has been based in the UK for the past 13 years, told BBC Two's Newsnight he was "outraged" that the government's trawl through his Twitter account - on which he poked fun at Liz Truss, expressed anti-Brexit views and criticised asylum policy - means he can no longer share his knowledge with delegates from the government, industry, academia and armed forces.

He received an email last month - which has been shown to Newsnight - that told him: "Rules introduced by the Cabinet Office in 2022 specify that the social media accounts of potential speakers must be vetted before final acceptance to the programme. The vetting is impartial and purely evidence-based.

"The check on your social media has identified material that criticises government officials and policy. It is for this reason and not because we do not value your technical insight, that I'm afraid that we have no choice and must cancel your invitation to the CWD conference."

Mr Kaszeta stressed he was never going to speak about policy matters at the event.

"This is an outrage against free speech. I was going to speak about possible future scenarios around the world in which chemical demilitarisation would be relevant. I think perhaps the most controversial thing I would say was perhaps, gee, we don't really know what's going on in North Korea," he said.

The email is the clearest indication so far of the unpublished guidance from the Cabinet Office on the restrictions on who can be given a prominent platform to speak at government venues and events.

It was first introduced after political blogger Guido Fawkes highlighted the views of an academic who was due to speak to civil servants at the Home Office during Black History Month in 2021.

A year later, the first known example of the new "no-platform" rule being used came when Kate Devlin, a professor at King's College London, an expert on artificial intelligence, was disinvited from speaking at an event about women in tech.

She told the Independent at the time that she had received an email saying it was because she had "made a criticism of government policy on social media".

In her case, she had previously criticised the government's planned Online Harms Bill, made anti-monarchy comments and retweeted a parody of Liz Truss.

Interviewed at the time, she told Newsnight she had been very clear that her talk would not be touching on any areas she had her own private views on and she found it "quite alarming" that she had still been excluded.

Mr Kaszeta argued that being a critic of some government policies should not prevent him taking part in an event on a completely unrelated subject.

"I'm a critic of the government's policy on homelessness and asylum seekers. Why that should have any impact whatsoever on whether or not I can speak to a technical conference in my own area of expertise. That's Stalinist."

When approached by Newsnight for an explanation, the government said: "As the public would expect, we conduct due diligence checks and carefully consider all speakers at any government hosted conference to ensure that we can have a balanced and constructive discussion around our policies."

Other than Ms Devlin and Mr Kaszeta, whose identity was first revealed by the Times, Newsnight knows of three other professionals who have received similar letters after the Cabinet Office vetted their social media.

South East Water said demand for drinking water in Kent and Sussex has reached record levels in June

A hosepipe and sprinkler ban has been imposed on people in Kent and Sussex.

South East Water said it had no choice after demand for drinking water had reached "record levels" in June, similar to last year's drought.

Up to 4,000 customers are without water or have been experiencing low pressure since Monday due to supply issues.

The water company had urged people to only use water for essential purposes, but has now issued an immediate ban on hosepipes and sprinklers.

The measures mean that using the equipment to water gardens, clean cars and fill swimming pools will not be allowed.

It is understood that the Temporary Usage Ban can only be enforced after ten days of consultation, meaning after 26 June rule-breakers could be hit with a £1,000 fine.

Areas including Wadhurst, Mayfield, Biddenden and Staplehurst have been affected by water outages.

Bottle stations have been set up across the two counties, and the supply issues are expected to continue until Sunday.

Douglas Whitfield, South East Water's director of operations, told BBC Radio Kent the hot weather had caused demand to outstrip supply.

"We are pumping as much water as we can into the system, but water is being used before it gets to those customers who are currently on the end of our system," he said.

Bottled water stations had been opened in Mayfield, Rotherfield, Wadhurst and Ashford

South East Water said its facilities are working at full output, with every water treatment work and water source available producing treated water to keep up with demand.

Despite this, the company said it was unable to return drinking water storage tanks to "satisfactory levels".

If your water is supplied by South East Water and you live in Kent or Sussex, you cannot use a hosepipe to:

There are exemptions, which can be found on South East Water's website.

The firm said the demand for water had broken all previous records, including during the Covid lockdown heatwave periods.

It said it had produced an additional 120 million litres of water a day - equivalent to supplying four towns the size of Maidstone or Eastbourne.

The company serves 2.3 million people across Hampshire, Berkshire, Surrey, Sussex and Kent.

Customers took to Twitter to express their anger over the hosepipe ban, with some blaming the high usage on leaks.

One said: "That will be the MANY water MAIN pipes that have burst recently!! My local area said demand was at its highest when NONE of us even HAD tap water!! Cause it was just falling out of the huge leaks!! Hardly CUSTOMER use is it?"

Mr Whitefield told BBC Radio Kent that while leakage was an issue that South East Water was trying to address, the supply issues were not driven by leakage.

A burst pipe in Tunbridge Wells was repaired on Thursday

Wealden District Council councillor Michael Lunn said he had spoken to 20 farmers affected by the drop in supply, including one with 40 cattle and heifers about to give birth, who were "hysterical".

"It's really serious," he said, adding: "As far as I'm concerned, they [South East Water] are just so, so slow in responding to this crisis.

"We were aware this was going to happen. We are not shocked or surprised, we are disappointed and we are really angry."

The supply issues had forced several schools to close, and Rotherfield Primary School in Crowborough remains shut.

Bottled water stations have been opened at Mayfield Memorial Hall, Rotherfield Village Hall, Sparrows Green Recreation Ground in Wadhurst and Headcorn Aerodrome in Ashford.

The shortages have provoked criticism from customers and local MPs directed towards the water company.

The situation was described as "completely unacceptable" by Greg Clark, the Conservative MP for Tunbridge Wells.

The water level of Arlington reservoir, near Hailsham in East Sussex, was low in summer 2022

Met Office spokesman Stephen Dixon said the remainder of this week will be hotter than average for the time of year across the UK.

In East Sussex, temperatures were tipped to reach 29C on Friday, while parts of Kent could reach a maximum of 27C on Saturday.

In the next two weeks, however, heavy rain may affect parts of the South East, according to the Met Office.

South East Water experienced supply issues in December 2022 after pipes burst due to snow and ice thawing rapidly overnight, leaving thousands of households across Kent and Sussex without water before Christmas.

A government minister told the provider earlier this year that it "must act urgently" to significantly improve its performance.

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Scotland's Housing and Property Chamber has ruled that Adéla Koubová should be paid her deposit back

A tenant who took her landlord to a tribunal to win her deposit back has urged other renters to follow her lead.

Edinburgh Holiday and Party Lets (EHPL) was ordered to refund Adéla Koubová after a housing tribunal ruled her former flat was not a holiday let.

It means the legal relationship was that of landlord and tenant - giving Adéla greater protection.

The flat is owned by Mark Fortune, a businessman who has been refused entry to Scotland's landlord register.

Adéla, who is from the Czech Republic, said she had taken a stand "for the other people in this situation".

A series of housing tribunal rulings have now rejected EHPL's argument that it is operating holiday lets from Mr Fortune's properties and as such the people living there should get the same protections as ordinary letting agreements.

Housing campaigners are asking why no further action is being taken against the firm.

Adéla moved to Edinburgh from the Czech Republic in January 2020 as part of a University of Edinburgh exchange programme and found the flat in the city's Bruntsfield Place through a Gumtree advert.

But after just one day in the property, which she said was freezing because of a hole in her bedroom window, she gave four weeks' notice to EHPL's representative but then failed to get her deposit back.

"When I realised I lost my deposit I was sad, for me then it was a lot of money," she told BBC Scotland.

"But it has been three years now, a lot of effort and stress in this process, but I am doing it for the other people in this situation.

"There are people in these properties who are moving to Edinburgh for the first time and they maybe don't know the situation."

Adéla, who was supported in her case by Scotland's tenants' union Living Rent, said she was still waiting to be paid the £275 she is due more than two months after the ruling.

The flat that Adéla lived in is, according to the housing tribunal ruling, owned by controversial businessman Mark Fortune

She added: "I am not sure if we will see the money, the best prize was winning though and hopefully through my experience we can let other people know there is a way to not let this happen to them."

The Housing and Property Chamber ruling states that it has "no difficulty in concluding that both parties were aware that this agreement was not for a holiday let and did not intend it constitute one", meaning the legal relationship between the parties was that of landlord and tenant.

In 2013, Mr Fortune was refused entry to Scotland's landlord register after being convicted of offences directly relating to his letting business, including threatening tenants.

He has previously denied that he operates as a landlord and rents out flats.

The businessman said the properties were operated by limited companies, not him personally.

The latest tribunal ruling said Mr Fortune gave submissions on behalf of EHPL - of which he is a former director - and on a number of occasions "seemed to refer to himself as the landlord accidentally".

The property at the centre of the tribunal ruling is in Bruntsfield Place, Edinburgh

It also added that his "position was often contradictory and therefore could not be treated as reliable".

In 2021, a BBC Scotland investigation found that rooms in flats owned by Mr Fortune were being let out under contracts which did not give tenants the same protection as residential agreements.

And last month, EHPL was ordered to make improvements to one of its flats which had been described as "not fit for human habitation".

A spokesman for Living Rent said most tenants did not have "the time or resources" to take landlords to housing tribunals like they did with Adéla.

He said: "Mark Fortune has been refused landlord registration and yet his properties have continued to be rented out across the city.

"Tenants face conditions unfit for human habitation and have their deposits improperly withheld while the authorities take no action."

The spokesman called on both City of Edinburgh Council and Police Scotland to "start enforcing their own rules" on the issue.

As a landlord or a tenant, have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ambulance workers in the south of England and West Midlands will strike just after the early May bank holiday, the Unite union has said.

The timing will mean staff walking out at the same time as nurses across parts of England.

The Christie cancer service in Manchester, and hospitals in Birmingham and Lancashire will also be affected.

Unite's general secretary Sharon Graham said the government's pay offer was "not good enough" for her members.

The government described the decision as "premature and unreasonable", with thousands of members still voting on its latest pay offer.

Unite said staff it represents will go on strike on Tuesday 2 May in:

The union has already announced strikes on the previous day - 1 May - at the Yorkshire ambulance service and Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust in central London.

Unite is the smallest of the three unions which represent ambulance workers, alongside Unison and the GMB. About 2,000 paramedics, call handlers and other staff working for ambulance trusts are expected to walk out across the two days in May.

Thousands of nurses are also expected to strike between 30 April and 2 May in about half of the NHS trusts in England.

The Royal College of Nursing, whose members rejected the government's latest pay offer, said emergency departments, intensive care and cancer services would be affected for the first time.

Members of Unison union, which represents ambulance crews and a smaller number of other staff including nurses, have accepted the same pay deal.

The government offered a 5% pay rise for 2023-24 and a one-off payment of at least £1,655 to top up last year's salary.

The offer covers all NHS staff except doctors.

Ms Graham said: "Unite has been up front and honest that it did not believe that the pay offer was good enough for NHS workers. A lump sum payment and yet another real terms pay cut doesn't meet the challenges faced by NHS workers.

"Where our members have indicated that they want to swiftly return to the picket line, Unite is ensuring they are able to do so."

Unite members are able to vote on the latest pay offer up to 28 April.

"The deal on the table is a fair and generous one, proven by the fact that Unison members voted overwhelmingly to accept it," said a spokesperson for the Department of Health and Social Care.

"Thousands of staff continue to vote in ballots for other unions over the next two weeks and we'd urge them to vote in favour, because further strikes are in no-one's best interest - least of all patients."

Are you an ambulance worker with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Lucy Letby, 33, is accused of murdering seven babies

Jurors in the trial of nurse Lucy Letby have retired to consider their verdicts.

Ms Letby is accused of murdering seven babies and attempting to kill 10 others at Countess of Chester Hospital between June 2015 and June 2016.

The 33-year-old, originally from Hereford, has denied all charges.

Judge Mr Justice James Goss has told the jury to approach their deliberations in a "fair, calm, objective and analytical way".

The jury has heard nine months of evidence, including claims Ms Letby deliberately injected babies with air, force fed others milk and poisoned some with insulin.

Ms Letby has insisted she did not harm any of the babies and has pointed to issues of poor hygiene and staffing levels in the hospital.

She has also accused senior doctors of mounting a conspiracy against her to mask failings in care.

Mr Justice Goss told the jury of eight women and four men at Manchester Crown Court that they must "be sure of the defendant's guilt or not" in all the allegations.

Ms Letby gave evidence in her defence during the trial

The judge said many of the children had suffered "unexpected life-threatening collapses" and reminded the jury that the prosecution had argued there were many "common factors".

Prosecutor Nick Johnson KC said Ms Letby had been on shift at the time when each baby collapsed.

Mr Johnson also included 11 other common themes, from unusual skin discolouration to the babies collapsing just after having been visited by parents.

Mr Justice Goss said the prosecution had argued "this is not a series of unconnected events".

He said they claim that when put in context with expert evidence, post-mortem examination findings and the discovery of notes and nursing handover sheets at Ms Letby's home, the jury "can be sure the defendant committed all the offences".

He reminded the jury that Ms Letby had denied harming any of the children and her case was that she was a hardworking and dedicated nurse.

Ms Letby is accused of carrying out the attacks at Countess of Chester Hospital

During the trial Ms Letby said the handover sheets recovered from her home were taken from the hospital in error.

The judge also referred to notes found at Ms Letby's home in which she wrote, among other things, "I am evil, I did this".

The defence's case, he said, was that these were a "product of despair" written after she was removed from frontline nursing duties and placed in a clerical role.

He also said the defence rejected the prosecution's list of "common factors" in the cases, saying they did not establish a pattern.

The defence have said the jury cannot be sure in any event of Ms Letby's guilt.

Mr Justice Goss ended by reminding the jury to keep their deliberations confidential and instructed the panel to "respect each other's opinions".

He said "no one should be, or feel, pressured" during their discussions.

The judge ended by instructing the jury to reach "unanimous verdicts on each count on the indictment".

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Crowds belted out tracks as Sam Fender headlined the main stage on Saturday

The second night of Scotland's biggest festival closed on a high despite heavy rain and the threat of thunderstorms.

Acts including Brooke Combe and Maisie Peters kicked off Saturday's line-up before Kasabian and Sam Fender took to the main stage.

Up to 50,000 people are expected at Glasgow Green for each day of TRNSMT.

Pulp closed the show on Friday - their first performance in Scotland for over 10 years.

Royal Blood and Becky Hill will headline on Sunday, with The 1975 scheduled to close the festival.

ScotRail has put on extra train services to cope with demand, including more late-night trains running to Inverclyde, Ayr, Edinburgh, and East Kilbride.

Thousands headed to the main stage on Saturday for Mimi Webb

Newcastle rocker Sam Fender closed the festival's second night with pyrotechnics, fireworks and confetti as he remarked on the journey he had taken from the festival's beginning.

He said: "We've played every stage in this festival, from a little stage over there to the main stage.

"It's just really surreal."

Sam Fender closed the second night of the festival

Festival organisers had urged fans to "prepare for all weather" on Saturday with the majority of Scotland covered by a yellow Met Office alert for thunderstorms.

Glasgow Green turned to mud following heavy showers, though it did little to dampen spirits.

Conditions are expected to improve on Sunday but more rain has been forecast.

It came after Tiree Music Festival was cancelled on Thursday, just a day before it was due to begin, because of gale force winds.

Fans arrived at Glasgow Green in high spirits on Saturday

Brooke Combe from Midlothian gave it her all as the first act on the main stage

Maisie Peters also performed on the main stage a few weeks after the release of her new album The Good Witch

Elijah Hewson from Irish rockers Inhaler had crowds singing along

Kasabian frontman took to the stage on Saturday

Britpop legends Pulp brought the first night of the festival to a colourful close on Friday, following acts including George Ezra, Niall Horan, the Beautiful South's Paul Heaton and The View.

The band, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, surprised fans at the end of 2022 by announcing a run of shows this summer at festivals and outdoor gigs across the UK.

Cocker told crowds: "We are Pulp, you are Glasgow. We are going to spend some time together this evening.

"This is the furthest north we've ever been."

Pulp, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, were the headline act on Friday

Former One Direction singer Niall Horan entertained the crowd on Friday

Festival-goers enjoyed The View perform on the main stage

You can watch coverage of TRNSMT festival on BBC iplayer.

Thomas Cashman was sentenced to a minimum of 42 years for murder

Members of the public have appealed to extend the jail sentence of the man who murdered Olivia Pratt-Korbel.

Thomas Cashman, 34, was ordered to serve a minimum of 42 years after he was found guilty of shooting the nine-year-old in her Liverpool home.

The Attorney General's Office said it had received a request to refer Cashman's sentence to the Court of Appeal under the unduly lenient scheme.

But lawyers for Cashman are planning to appeal for a cut in his jail term.

The Court of Appeal confirmed his legal team planned to argue his sentence was too harsh and he should serve less time before parole.

Cashman was branded a "coward" for his refusal to come into court for his sentencing hearing and face Olivia's family after he was found guilty by the jury.

It has prompted calls for a change in the law to force criminals to attend their sentence hearing or face extra years in jail.

The bullet that killed Olivia was fired through the front door of her home

His trial heard how Cashman "lay in wait" with two guns to attack convicted drug dealer Joseph Nee, 36, on 22 August 2022.

Fleeing the gunfire, Nee had run towards the open door of Olivia's home after her mother went out to see what the noise was.

Cashman continued shooting and a bullet went through the door and Ms Korbel's hand, before fatally hitting Olivia in the chest.

Jailing him, Mrs Justice Yip said Cashman was "not of previous good character", had made it clear he was a criminal and had "demonstrated no remorse" during his trial.

She added: "His failure to come into court is further evidence of that.

The Attorney General's Office said several members of the public had made the appeal to increase his sentences, and law officers had 28 days from sentencing to consider the case and make a decision whether or not to refer the sentence to the Court of Appeal.

Nine year old Olivia Pratt-Korbel was killed when shots were fired into her family home.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Graham Potter enjoyed his finest night as Chelsea manager as they overcame a first-leg deficit against Borussia Dortmund to reach the Champions League quarter-finals.

Potter was under huge pressure after a dismal run of results following Chelsea's huge outlay in the transfer market, but he will hope the manner of this performance and the advance into the latter stages of Europe's elite competition will deliver a measure of calm and stability to Stamford Bridge.

Chelsea fully deserved their win, although they squandered several big opportunities before Raheem Sterling made the breakthrough after 43 minutes, firing past Dortmund keeper Alexander Meyer after initially fluffing his shot.

The goal which settled the tie and overturned Dortmund's 1-0 advantage from the first leg came in contentious fashion from the penalty spot eight minutes after the break.

Dortmund were furious when a VAR review penalised Marius Wolf for handball from Ben Chilwell's cross and their sense of injustice heightened after Kai Havertz struck the post with his spot-kick only for a re-take to be ordered.

This time Havertz made no mistake and Chelsea were on their way into the last eight.

Speaking after the game, Potter said: "The players were tremendous and the supporters were tremendous.

"We had to be against a team that were doing so well. Over the two games I felt that we deserved to go through. It was a special night."

Is this lift-off for Potter?

Potter was been waiting for a show of strength such as this from the moment he left Brighton to take over at Chelsea, succeeding Champions League winner Thomas Tuchel.

Potter has struggled to convince Chelsea's fans he has the personality required to take on this occasionally dysfunctional football beast and his cause has not been helped by poor Premier League form and a battle to establish any sort of shape and stability from the influx of players assembled at vast expense by new owner Todd Boehly.

The pressure was released somewhat with Saturday's narrow win over Leeds United at Stamford Bridge but a big Champions League win against opponents of such European pedigree as Borussia Dortmund will go some way to convincing the doubters that Potter is cut out for the task.

There is still much work to do as Chelsea lie in a wholly unacceptable 10th place in the Premier League and two victories will not change the landscape instantly but there is no doubt Stamford Bridge felt like a much happier place when Dutch referee Danny Makkelie sounded his final whistle.

Potter will have been satisfied to see big performances from fit-again Reece James with Ben Chilwell also outstanding. And his former Brighton player Marc Cucurella also looked much more at home than he has before.

The scenes at the final whistle were a sharp contrast to many witnessed at Stamford Bridge this season with Potter punching the air in front of joyous Chelsea supporters as their Champions League journey continues.

Potter added: "To win a game and go into the last eight of the Champions League, it's up there with one of the games or evenings of my career.

"I watched the first penalty and it didn't work so well. I can't do anything. It's down to Kai and his talent and testament and that's at the top level."

All eyes were England teenager Jude Bellingham from the moment he arrived at Stamford Bridge, with waiting Chelsea fans making an instant sales pitch for the young star, who is expected to be pursued by every big club in Europe this summer.

This was not Bellingham's best night as Dortmund's Champions League campaign came to an end with the added disappointment of squandering a first-leg lead, but the 19-year-old still showed why he will be in such demand.

Bellingham's night had low points, such as when he poked a great chance wide from eight yards in the second half and a very poor challenge in the closing seconds that left Reece James prostrate and brought a yellow card.

He did, however, show class and arrogance on the ball, vision, and a marauding style as Dortmund chased an equaliser in vain after Chelsea grabbed control.

Bellingham trooped off at the final whistle and is likely to be playing his Champions League football elsewhere next season, but in little flashes he still showed what all the fuss is about.
• None Jude Bellingham (Borussia Dortmund) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt saved. Marius Wolf (Borussia Dortmund) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Donyell Malen.
• None Attempt missed. Marius Wolf (Borussia Dortmund) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Giovanni Reyna with a cross following a corner.
• None Attempt blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro (Borussia Dortmund) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Nico Schlotterbeck (Borussia Dortmund) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Giovanni Reyna.
• None Offside, Chelsea. Kalidou Koulibaly tries a through ball, but Christian Pulisic is caught offside.
• None Attempt missed. Jude Bellingham (Borussia Dortmund) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Marius Wolf with a cross. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of Chelsea is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Chelsea - go straight to all the best content

Spotify is raising the price of its single-account premium plan for the first time since 2011 and hiking other services as well.

In the UK, subscriptions will rise by £1 a month to £10.99 for an individual plan, £14.99 for a premium duo plan and £17.99 for a family plan.

The price of a student plan remains unchanged at £5.99.

It follows other streaming services which have also increased subscription costs.

Similar price hikes also apply to the US, Canada and 49 other territories.

In the US, the cost will go up from $9.99 to $10.99 (£8.57) for those with an individual plan.

The premium duo service will increase from $12.99 to $14.99, the family plan from $15.99 to $16.99, and the student plan from $4.99 to $5.99.

In its latest financial results, Spotify said that it beat forecasts by adding 36 million monthly active users between April and June, taking the total to 551 million. Of those, 220 million pay for subscriptions.

However, the company's pre-tax losses swelled to €241m (£207.3m) over the three months compared to a €90m loss in the same period last year. Sales rose to €3.1bn but missed analysts' expectations of €3.2bn.

Spotify's chief executive Daniel Ek said the company had a "very strong quarter", although its share price dropped by more than 11% after it revealed its results.

Mr Ek spoke about the role that Artificial Intelligence (AI) might play in the future, such as summarising lengthy podcasts or helping to lower the cost and difficultly of producing audio advertisements.

In February, Spotify unveiled its "AI DJ", which it billed as a personalised "DJ in your pocket" that would deliver "a curated line-up of music alongside commentary".

On Monday, Spotify said it was raising prices "to help us continue to deliver value to fans and artists on our platform".

Spotify said users "will be given a one-month grace period before the new price becomes effective, unless they cancel before the grace period ends".

The music giant cut 6% of staff in January, citing a need to improve efficiency.

Spotify has been reducing its reliance on the big celebrity signings and expensive original content that have weighed on its bottom line, with the Duchess of Sussex's podcast among high-profile casualties.

In 2020, Meghan and Prince Harry signed an exclusive deal reportedly worth about $20m.

That ended last month after the duke and duchess's Archewell Audio parted ways with Spotify in what was said to be a mutual decision.

A deal with Barack and Michelle Obama's production company also ended last year.

The Duchess of Sussex's podcast Archetypes, which ran for 12 episodes from August 2022, was not renewed for a second series

In an April earnings call, Mr Ek said the company would "like to raise prices in 2023".

"When the timing is right, we will raise it and that price increase will go down well because we're delivering a lot of value for our customers," Mr Ek said.

The company had already raised prices of US family plans and UK student, duo, and family plans in 2021. Individual subscriptions were previously unaffected.

Apple Music, Peacock, Netflix, Max, and Paramount+ have also recently raised subscription prices.

The new Spotify Premium cost matches the monthly plans of competitors Apple Music and Amazon Music.

The company will continue to offer a free plan that includes advertising.

The bus driver was off-duty when he had to step in

A man helped save a speeding bus full of passengers from disaster after the driver fell ill at the wheel.

The coach was doing about 70mph on the M74, taking 50 people to a concert by Pink in Sunderland, when it started swerving towards an embankment.

Alex Brewer, from South Lanarkshire, who is also a bus driver, sprung into action and brought it safely to a halt.

An air ambulance attended the scene near Moffat last Saturday, and the driver is said to be recovering.

The Caledonian Travel coach was heading south when the passengers noticed something was wrong.

Mr Brewer, 40, from Larkhall, told the BBC: "I was on my mobile phone when I heard the passenger next to me saying very loudly 'where is he going?' He swerved across the two lanes and the hard shoulder, onto the grass verge towards an embankment.

"I jumped up and got the bus to a stop using the handbrake gently so not to lock the coach up, while moving it to the hard shoulder."

Two nurses who were on board the coach tended to the driver, while Mr Brewer made sure the bus was moved safely off the road.

Alex Brewer and his wife Siobhan made it to the concert despite the ordeal

Police and an air ambulance met the passengers on the hard shoulder. The driver was taken to hospital.

"Caledonian Travel and the coach company arranged a new driver and we went on to have a great night at Pink," Mr Brewer added. "[I am] thankful the driver is home and getting the medical treatment he needs."

A spokesperson from Caledonian Travel said they were "grateful" for Mr Brewer's "precautionary assistance".

"The driver of the coach has confirmed that he unexpectedly felt unwell whilst driving and in the interests of safety pulled over to the hard shoulder of the motorway." said the spokesperson.

"The coach was brought safely to a standstill and we do understand that a qualified coach driver who was seated at the front of the coach quickly moved to ensure that the driver was able to bring the coach safely to a stop."

They added that the driver was "recovering well", while undergoing medical examination.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Royalist and republican protesters gathered on the Royal Mile

Protesters chanting "not my king" gathered in Edinburgh ahead of King Charles' thanksgiving service.

Republican as well as royalist activists lined the Royal Mile where the King's cavalcade passed on the way to St Giles' Cathedral.

Another anti-monarchy group hosted a rally outside Holyrood, which was attended by Greens co-leaders Patrick Harvie and Lorna Slater.

Police Scotland later confirmed four people had been arrested.

They included two women, aged 20 and 21, who were arrested for breach of the peace after allegedly attempting to climb over a crowd safety barrier on the Royal Mile.

The force said one man was also arrested for theft, while another was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant.

Three men and one woman were initially arrested for alleged threatening behaviour and failing to desist, but this was later changed to a recorded police warning.

Blacked-out barriers which are about 6ft (72in) in height were erected outside St Giles' where the service took place.

During the thanksgiving ceremony the King was presented with the Scottish crown jewels to mark his Coronation.

Black screens have been installed around St Giles' Cathedral

Grant McKenzie, from the Republic anti-monarchy pressure group, told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme his group would be vocal at the event, which he described as "undemocratic."

He said: "It's being forced upon us, we've got an unprecedented cost of living crisis.

"I don't think the public in the UK are particularly interested in their tax payer money being put towards a parade up and down the Royal Mile in Edinburgh - it's tone deaf.

"Of course people are going to be able to enjoy it if that's what they want to do. Protests by their very nature are disruptive, we will be making ourselves visible and heard."

Mr Harvie, who is the Scottish government's minister for zero carbon buildings, active travel and tenants' rights, addressed the Our Republic rally outside the Scottish Parliament.

He told the crowd: "It's really important for those who want an elected head of state to be heard."

The MSP said it was extraordinary to be "lavishing taxpayers money on some of the wealthiest people in the world so they can play some kind of Game of Thrones".

He added: "Passing unearned wealth from generation to generation is fundamentally at odds with the democratic society we are trying to build."

Assistant Chief Constable Tim Mairs, police lead for the event, said: "This significant constitutional event took place safely without any disruption to the ceremony or people's procession.

"Safety was our priority and a number of actions were taken to ensure this, which included an open approach to engaging with potential protest groups."

In the build-up to the event the force said it sought to strike a balance between the right to protest and public safety.

Assistant Chief Constable Mairs added: "I would like to thank the overwhelming majority of protestors who engaged with us and also our officers whose professionalism helped ensure the safe delivery of this event for everyone who attended."

Patrick Harvie spoke to journalists at the rally outside Holyrood

As well as those protesting the ceremony, crowds hoping to catch a glimpse of the monarch and people's procession also lined the streets.

One of those in attendance was royal fan Sheila Clark, from Newton Mearns.

Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland, she said: "I'm as close to St Giles' as I possibly could be.

"It's a very special moment for me personally, I've followed the new King all my life really.

"I think it's an important part of our heritage throughout Britain and particularly in Scotland, because the King's roots are Scottish. His mother was Scottish, his grandmother was Scottish and I think Scotland is an important part of the United Kingdom."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Trump agrees "stars can do anything to women" in video deposition

A New York jury has concluded that it is more likely than not that Donald Trump sexually abused and defamed E Jean Carroll. The verdict may be a harbinger of political and legal damage to come.

While the ruling may not make a dent in Mr Trump's base within the Republican Party, where his supporters view the US legal system with scepticism and have stood by him through all manners of adversity, it could have a lasting sting.

The response of two Republican senators highlights the risk this moment poses to his 2024 bid to regain the White House.

"It has a cumulative effect," said Senator John Thune of South Dakota. "People are going to have to decide if they want to deal with all the drama."

"I don't think he can get elected," warned John Cornyn of Texas. "You can't win a general election with just your base."

In the end, Mr Trump may have been his own worst enemy in this case.

Central to Ms Carroll's lawsuit was the former president's deposition testimony, in which he seemed both demeaning and defensive. He explained away his infamous Access Hollywood tape boasts about grabbing women by their genitals as reflecting a historical truth about the power of celebrities - "unfortunately or fortunately".

He said that both Ms Carroll and another woman who testified that Mr Trump sexually assaulted her were not his type - a description he also applied, voluntarily, to the female attorney conducting the deposition itself.

For a jury weighing whether Mr Trump was the kind of person capable of sexual assault - or, at least, whether he was more credible than his accuser - it was exactly the wrong attitude to present.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

He also mistakenly identified a photograph of Ms Carroll as being of his former wife, Marla Maples, directly undercutting that "not his type" assertion.

In the 2020 presidential election, suburban voters, particularly women, recoiled from Mr Trump's brand of brash politics. The jury's ruling in this case can only push those kinds of voters farther away from him.

The former president was defiant on his social media platform, calling the verdict a disgrace and insisting he had no idea who "this woman" was. Outside court, his lawyer told reporters Mr Trump would appeal.

Up until now, the former president has run a fairly disciplined campaign to regain the White House in 2024. His team has methodically built up grass-roots support in key primary states across the country. His focused attacks on his rival Ron DeSantis appear to be drawing blood. He has managed to turn his New York indictment into a badge of honour among his base.

The sexual abuse and defamation ruling could give his Republican opponents an avenue for attack, however. If they can rattle him the way Ms Carroll's lawyer did, forcing him off message and into a defensive crouch, it could knock a candidate seemingly in control of his party into committing more unforced errors.

At the very least, it is another historic first for a former president who already faces one criminal indictment and has possibly others to come.

Up until now, Mr Trump has shrugged off such legal concerns. But the New York jury's decision lands a blow against Mr Trump in a way that mere "investigations" do not. A jury of everyday Americans have considered the evidence and found that Mr Trump did wrong.

None of it bodes well for those other legal headaches, including special counsel Jack Smith's inquiry into the former president's involvement in the attack on the US Capitol and his handling of classified documents after he left the White House, as well as Georgia's investigations of Mr Trump's attempt to reverse that state's 2020 presidential election results.

While it's unlikely in the extreme that Mr Trump would ever take the stand if those investigations turn into indictments - or will testify in the current New York indictment - prosecutors may look for ways to use the former president's statements or previous testimony against him as effectively as Ms Carroll's lawyer did.

Thousands of rail workers will strike on three days in July as part of a long-running dispute about pay and conditions.

Strikes at 14 rail firms have been called on 20, 22 and 29 July, the RMT union said.

It said negotiations with rail firms and the government had stalled.

But train operators said the action was "totally unnecessary" and urged the union to put the latest pay offer to its members.

Previous strikes in the dispute have caused widespread disruption.

Unions are pushing for more pay as the cost of living rises rapidly, but rail firms have said they will not pay more without concessions on conditions.

The RMT said 20,000 of its members, including guards, train managers and station staff, would walk out after train operators did not make a new offer.

Its general secretary, Mick Lynch, said that train operators and the government had not "made any attempt whatsoever to arrange any meetings or put forward a decent offer that can help us reach a negotiated solution".

"The government continues to shackle the companies and will not allow them to put forward a package that can settle this dispute," he added.

The latest strike dates coincide with sporting events including the fourth and fifth Ashes Tests and the Open golf championship.

Unions say any pay offer should reflect the rising cost of living. Inflation - the pace of general price rises - is at 8.7%.

The latest pay offer from the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) which represents train operators, was a backdated pay rise of 5% for 2022.

Unions would then have to agree to reforms before members could get a second year's pay rise of 4%, negotiated with individual operators.

The BBC understands that rail operators are willing to negotiate with the RMT, but want the union to put the latest pay offer to its members before taking further action.

The RDG said more strikes were "totally unnecessary", and that all the RMT had achieved was losing its members more money than they would have received from pay offers.

"We have now made three offers that the RMT executive have blocked without a convincing explanation," a spokesperson said.

A senior rail source said union members had lost £2,000 of pay through strike action so far.

"Negotiation has got us nothing. We have compromised on pay, job protections and issues like driver-only trains," the source said.

"Nothing is ever enough, Every one of our offers has been rejected - not even by our staff who have not cast a single vote. No more ransom demands, the industry must change to survive," the source added.

The Department for Transport said the strikes were "targeting two iconic international sporting events" and would disrupt families at the beginning of the school holidays in England and Wales.

"After a year of industrial action, passengers and rail workers alike are growing tired of union bosses playing politics with their lives," a spokesperson said.

The government has helped train operators put forward "fair and reasonable pay offers that would see generous increases for rail workers," the spokesperson said. "Union leaders should do the right thing and give their members a chance to vote on these pay offers."

The strikes announcement comes on the day that Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey said wage rises "cannot continue" at the rate they have been if inflation is to come down, reiterating Bank calls for restraint from workers.

The union's industrial action began a year ago, and last month members voted for another six months of action.

Industry group UK Hospitality said the rail strikes were a "hammer blow" for firms including pubs, bars and restaurants.

"Strike disruption over the past year has already cost the hospitality sector £3.25bn in lost sales and there is no doubt that figure will increase as a result of these strike days," said the group's chief executive Kate Nicholls.

The Strawberry Moon looked golden over Europe's tallest street art in Leicester

The Full Moon marking the start of meteorological summer has been seen glowing in the sky above England.

Photographers captured images of the Strawberry Moon, which was visible from just after 21:00 BST on Saturday until just before 04:30 on Sunday.

The Strawberry Moon (here in Overseal, Derbyshire) reached peak illumination at 03:42 BST on Sunday

Its name is thought to come from Algonquian tribes in North America, with June being the month when strawberries begin to ripen for picking.

Historically, names like this would have served a purpose, helping to monitor the changing seasons.

The Strawberry Moon was glowing above the historic castle on St Michael's Mount, Cornwall

The Strawberry Moon (here in Flockton in West Yorkshire) marks the start of meteorological summer

Photographer Michael Wake captured the Strawberry Moon rising over the lighthouse on Roker Pier in Sunderland.

"I stood on the Seaburn promenade, just under and a mile from the lighthouse," he said.

"At first, the moonrise was hidden behind a blanket of clouds, and I wasn't sure if it would appear.

"Thankfully it did, and as it rose into the sky, it got brighter and brighter, then turned a beautiful red and orange."

Michael Wake said the Strawberry Moon got brighter and brighter as it rose over Roker Pier in Sunderland

Although it appeared spectacular, the Strawberry Moon was not considered a supermoon.

The first supermoon of 2023 - when a Full Moon is also at its closest point to Earth along this orbit - is expected in August.

The Strawberry Moon seen from Breedon on the Hill, Leicestershire

This close-up of the Strawberry Moon was taken in East Leake, Nottinghamshire

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

GB News broke broadcasting rules last April when ex-presenter Mark Steyn made "potentially harmful and materially misleading" claims about Covid-19 vaccines, regulator Ofcom has said.

He spoke about "only one conclusion" from official data, about the third jab's "significantly greater risk" of "infection, hospitalisation and death".

Ofcom said that was wrong and "may have resulted in viewers making important decisions about their own health".

GB News said it was "disappointed".

In his show, Steyn referred to data from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) to compare people who had received the first two vaccinations with those who had also had a third as a booster.

"His interpretation that there was 'only one conclusion' from this comparison... was misleading because it did not take account of key factors such as the significant differences in age or health of the people in these two groups," Ofcom said.

"The programme also failed to reflect that the UKHSA reports made clear that the raw data should not be used to draw conclusions about vaccine efficacy, due to the biases inherent in the vaccinated and unvaccinated populations."

Ofcom said the group who had been boosted "included far larger numbers of older people", and Steyn failed to take into account "the fact that older people are more likely to die or be hospitalised than younger people".

The regulator said it took into account the "definitive" way the Canadian broadcaster and author presented his conclusion, and the "absence of adequate counterweight or genuine challenge".

Ofcom said broadcasters are "free to transmit programmes which may be considered controversial and challenging, or which question statistics or other evidence produced by governments or other official sources".

"It can clearly be in the public interest to do so," it added. "However, with this editorial freedom comes an obligation to ensure that, when portraying factual matters, audiences are not materially misled."

In response, GB News said its role was "to ask tough questions, point out inconsistencies in government policy, and hold public bodies to account when the facts justify it".

"Mark Steyn's programme did exactly that," its statement added. "We support his right to challenge the status quo by examining the small but evident risks of the third Covid booster.

"As news stories in the last week have highlighted, it was prescient to question whether the government was candid with all the facts. It is an important story in the public interest."

Steyn "drew a reasonable conclusion from the facts", but "drew only one conclusion", GB News continued.

"We accept that the data offered several valid interpretations, and he should have made this clear. Had he done so, the story would have remained within the wide freedoms that Ofcom's Broadcast Code allows."

At the heart of most misinformation that spreads online is a fact or genuine set of figures that has been twisted or taken out of context.

That can lend such misleading claims an air of authority, making them very convincing.

This is what happened here. Mark Steyn took official statistics on illness and deaths in people who received two doses of the Covid vaccine, and compared them with those who received three. But he failed to give context: that far fewer people in the general population took the third booster dose than the first two jabs, and that the third dose was particularly popular with older people - who have a higher risk of dying in any case.

In fact, when the Office for National Statistics adjusted the figures to take into account the number of people, and the age of those who had taken it, it found people who had taken three doses were considerably less likely to die.

It can be easy - and tempting - to cherry-pick real stats in a way that supports what we already believe.

Now Ofcom seems to be emphasising that, to borrow a phrase, we are all entitled to our own opinion but not to our own facts.

Steyn left GB News three months ago amid a dispute over contract terms he claimed could have made him personally liable for Ofcom fines.

Ofcom said it was not imposing a fine or other sanction.

Steyn's programme is also the subject of a second Ofcom investigation into comments made by a guest, author and journalist Naomi Wolf, about the vaccine on 4 October.

A Twitter account run by his team posted a picture of the Ofcom office with the caption "The Ministry of Truth Rules", linking to a statement headlined "Steyn found guilty!", which also said: "Mark intends to appeal this and get it before a real court."

Telecoms giant BT is to shed up to 55,000 jobs by the end of the decade, mostly in the UK, as it cuts costs.

Up to a fifth of those cuts will come in customer services as staff are replaced by technologies including artificial intelligence.

The headcount reduction from the current workforce of 130,000 includes staff and contractors.

"Whenever you get new technologies you can get big changes," said chief executive Philip Jansen.

He said "generative AI" tools such as ChatGPT - which can write essays, scripts, poems, and solve computer coding in a human-like way - "gives us confidence we can go even further".

Mr Jansen said AI would make services faster, better and more seamless, adding that the changes would not mean customers will "feel like they are dealing with robots".

"We are multi-channel, we are online, we have 450 stores and that's not changing at all," he said.

"There are plenty of opportunities for our customers to deal with people at BT, plenty of people to speak to."

Mr Jansen added that "new technologies drive new jobs", although BT has said it will have a"much smaller workforce" by the end of the 2020s.

BT, which is the UK's largest broadband and mobile provider, is currently continuing to expand its fibre network as it moves away from copper. The company said that once the work was completed it would not need as many staff to build and maintain its networks.

In addition, newer, more efficient technology, including artificial intelligence, means fewer people will be needed to serve customers in future, it said.

The move comes shortly after Vodafone said it would axe a tenth of its staff over the next three years, equating to 11,000 jobs.

Mr Jansen said BT would become "a leaner business with a brighter future", with the firm planning to get rid of between 40,000 and 55,000 jobs by 2030.

The firm has about 80,000 employees in the UK, and this is where the bulk of the cuts will come. It has about 20,000 staff abroad.

It also has 30,000 contractors, mainly abroad. Many of those roles will go.

The Communications and Workers Union (CWU) said the BT announcement was "no surprise".

"The introduction of new technologies across the company, along with the completion of the fibre infrastructure build replacing the copper network, was always going to result in less labour costs for the company in the coming years," a CWU spokesperson said.

But the union said it wants BT to keep as many of its core employees as possible, with job cuts coming from sub-contractors "in the first instance", and through roles not being replaced as people leave the business.

The BT announcement was made as it reported a 12% drop in profits of £1.7bn for the year to April.

Its shares fell more than 7% after its results fell short of analysts' expectations.

James Barford, head of telecoms research at Enders Analysis, said the BT job cuts were mostly about fewer people being needed in building networks, whereas the Vodafone cuts were "more general efficiency savings".

He said that in both cases plans were "already broadly in place, with savings previously described in monetary terms rather than headcount reduction".

Possibly, the firms are now talking about job cuts "to help convince sceptical investors that they will actually deliver the promised savings", Mr Barford added.
• None BT and unions agree pay rise of up to 16%

Discounter Lidl has won a trademark battle against the UK's biggest supermarket chain Tesco.

The High Court ruled that Tesco's Clubcard logo copied Lidl's logo, which both use a yellow circle on a square blue background.

Lidl said Tesco had infringed its copyright, letting Tesco "take unfair advantage" of Lidl's "reputation for great value".

Tesco said it was "disappointed" by the ruling and that it intended to appeal.

Lidl started its lawsuit in 2020, shortly after Tesco started using the logo to promote its Clubcard discount scheme.

It argued that Tesco deliberately copied its trademark to deceive customers into thinking its prices were comparable.

Judge Joanna Smith said in a written ruling on Wednesday that Tesco had "taken unfair advantage of the distinctive reputation" for low prices held by Lidl's trademarks.

However, she said that Tesco had not been seeking "deliberately to ride on the coat tails of Lidl's reputation", as Lidl had argued.

A Lidl spokesperson said: "We are pleased that the court has agreed with us and that it will now order Tesco to stop using the Clubcard logo."

Tesco said it planned to appeal against the ruling, which a spokesperson described as being "just about the colour and shape of the Clubcard Prices logo".

"It has no impact on our Clubcard Prices scheme which we will continue to run in exactly the same way," the spokesperson said.

Tesco said nearly 21 million households use its Clubcard scheme, with 11.7 million Clubcard app users. Eight in ten of its sales involve a Clubcard.

Whether Tesco will be able to continue using the logo as it appeals will be decided at another court hearing.

The BBC understands that Tesco will ask the court for permission to continue using its logo while the appeals process is ongoing.

Tesco's lawyers previously accused Lidl of hypocrisy and said it copied the branding of well-known products such as Oreo cookies.

Supermarkets such as Tesco and Sainsbury's have been moving away from just enabling customers to build up points on loyalty cards that can be redeemed later.

They now use Clubcards and Nectar cards to offer customers immediate discounts on products when they shop as well.

Yellow stickers have been used on UK supermarket produce that is on sale as it approaches its sell-by date for a number of years.

The yellow colour is supposed to be warm and welcoming.

The proportion of students in England awarded first-class degrees has fallen for the first time in over a decade, the university watchdog says.

The Office for Students (OfS) says 32.8% achieved top grades in 2021-22, down from 37.4% in 2020-21.

But the percentage remains higher than before the Covid pandemic and concerns remain about the overall increase since 2010-11, when it was 15.5%.

Universities say they are "committed to addressing unexplained increases".

The National Union of Students (NUS) said it "regrets" students were having "doubts cast upon their achievements".

Universities UK, which represents 140 institutions, said they were "rowing back on increases that occurred during the pandemic".

In a statement, it referred to guidance it has published on how universities should classify degrees to "protect the value of qualifications".

The fall in the proportion of top grades in 2021-22 coincided with many universities ending "no detriment" or "safety net" policies designed to protect grades from being negatively impacted by disruption during the pandemic.

The policies often meant students' grades were based on their performance up until the pandemic.

The OfS report does not analyse the impact of policies and guidance.

It does look at whether differences in students' "characteristics" from year to year might explain the long-term rise in first-class degrees - such as their A-level or equivalent grades or choice of subject.

But OfS chief executive Susan Lapworth said half of first-class degrees remained "unexplained".

"We are encouraged to see a reduction in the proportion of unexplained top grades but universities and colleges know that they need to continue to take the steps necessary to protect the value of their qualifications, now and over time," she said.

"We recognise there are likely to be a range of factors - including improved teaching - that could lead to an increase in the number of firsts awarded.

"But the sustained increase in unexplained firsts and [upper seconds] since 2010-11 continues to cause us concern."

Universities UK said universities "remain committed to addressing unexplained increases in their degree-classification awards" but the research "must be careful not to assume that those with lower entry grades, typically from more disadvantaged backgrounds, cannot achieve first-class degrees".

"Some of the improvements are certain to be attributable to increased investment into teaching from universities and the hard work of students," it added.

Chloe Field, of the NUS, said it "regrets the suggestion that students who have worked hard, received quality teaching from excellent staff and have achieved good results have doubts cast upon their achievements".

This "distracts from the real problems" in higher education, such as the cost of living, she added.

The OfS report comes as some students face delays receiving their grades this summer because of a marking boycott by staff.

The University and College Union says it could affect more than half a million graduations.

More than half the universities that responded to a survey by the Universities and Colleges Employers Association (UCEA), said some of their students would be affected. The UCEA estimates that 13,000 students - 2.6% of final-year graduates - will be affected

Universities are taking independent decisions about how to minimise the impact, so the effect on students will vary.

Grade inflation - especially since the pandemic - has also been a concern for schools and colleges.

The proportion of top GCSE and A-level grades in England, Wales and Northern Ireland in 2022 was lower than 2021 but still higher than before the pandemic.

Ofqual says it expects this year's GCSE and A-level results to be similar to 2019.

Sir Michael Caine has described actress and former MP Glenda Jackson as "one of our greatest movie actresses" following her death aged 87.

Jackson won two Oscars, three Emmys, two Baftas and a Tony in an acting career which spanned six decades.

Sir Jonathan Pryce said he believed she was "the greatest actor that this country has ever produced".

Jackson gave up acting to join the House of Commons as a Labour MP in north London from 1992 to 2015.

That included two years as a junior transport minister in Tony Blair's New Labour government from 1997.

She later returned to acting, playing King Lear on stage in 2016, then winning a Bafta for her screen comeback in the TV drama Elizabeth Is Missing in 2020.

In a statement on Thursday, her agent Lionel Larner said: "Glenda Jackson, two-time Academy Award-winning actress and politician, died peacefully at her home in Blackheath, London this morning after a brief illness with her family at her side.

"She recently completed filming The Great Escaper in which she co-starred with Michael Caine."

Sir Michael first acted with Jackson in 1975. Following their recent reunion, he said: "It was as wonderful an experience this time as it was 50 years ago. I shall miss her."

Other tributes were paid from across the worlds of the arts and politics.

Labour MP Tulip Siddiq, who now sits in Jackson's former seat, tweeted: "Devastated to hear that my predecessor Glenda Jackson has died.

"A formidable politician, an amazing actress and a very supportive mentor to me. Hampstead and Kilburn will miss you Glenda."

Glenda Jackson, pictured in 1999 with then Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, was a Labour MP for 23 years

Shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell, who worked for Jackson before becoming an MP herself, recalled the "incredibly kind" politician's "cutting humour" and "general disdain at most things".

"She was the definition of an icon, successfully spanning the world of acting and politics with great aplomb," Powell wrote.

Broadcaster and former Conservative MP Gyles Brandreth said she was "a wonderful actress, a committed politician [and] a remarkable human being".

"We became MPs on the same day in 1992 & I treasure our unlikely friendship," he wrote. "She was such a gifted, caring & special person who came into the world to make a difference - and did."

A spokesman for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said it was "extremely sad news", adding: "His thoughts will be with her friends and family at this time."

TV presenter Carol Vorderman said: "To see this unique woman turn into a firebrand in politics was deeply impressive for young girls like me. May she rest in peace."

Jackson won a string of prizes for her acting, including Oscars, Baftas, and a Tony Award (pictured, in 2018)

Jackson began acting after joining an amateur dramatics group as a teen while working in Boots near her tome town of Birkenhead in Merseyside.

She won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (Rada) in London, and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) in 1963.

After making her name on stage, she won her first Oscar for playing a headstrong artist in director Ken Russell's film of DH Lawrence's novel Women in Love.

Her second Academy Award came three years later for A Touch of Class, a romantic comedy in which she played a fashion designer caught up in a catastrophic love affair with a US businessman.

She did not attend either ceremony, though, saying she was busy.

"All awards are very nice to have," she told BBC Radio 4's This Cultural Life last year. "But they don't make you any better."

Jackson (centre) in 1967 with Marianne Faithfull (left) and Avril Elgar, her co-stars in a stage production of The Three Sisters

The role in A Touch of Class came about after she famously showed off her comedy skills in a guest appearance as Cleopatra on Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise's hit Saturday night TV show.

"I've always said, and I mean it, they were the apotheosis of my career, working with them," she told BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs.

She also played the Egyptian queen - more seriously - on stage in Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra for the RSC.

Sir Jonathan, who was also in that production, told BBC Radio Wales: "Everyone will talk about her tremendous strength and courage and intelligence, [and] her wit.

"I worked with her twice in the 70s, and she was always direct, always honest. And, like the greatest art, her work was simple and uncluttered."

In its tribute, the RSC described her as "a tour de force in acting and politics, dedicating her life to both".

The company added: "We're proud her extraordinary talent was seen on RSC stages early in her career in ground-breaking productions."

Jackson played Elizabeth I in BBC drama Elizabeth R - another role she famously revisited - winning Emmys for both Elizabeth R and also playing the queen opposite Dame Vanessa Redgrave in 1971 film Mary, Queen of Scots.

Further Oscar nominations came her way for portraying a frustrated office worker in a love triangle in 1971's Sunday Bloody Sunday, and for taking the title role in 1975's Hedda, adapted from Henrik Ibsen's Hedda Gabler.

Labour MP Chris Bryant, who wrote a biography of Jackson in 1999, told BBC Radio 4's The World At One: "She had such versatility.

"It's the quality of the work, and the variety. Her voice could go to gravel to caramel in three seconds."

Former Labour MP Baroness Hoey told BBC Radio 5 Live: "When she came into Parliament, she was so modest. She never wanted to be reminded that she was an actress."

Glenda Jackson was transport minister for London when she visited Hugh Grant on the set of Notting Hill in 1998

Other credits included playing English poet Stevie Smith in Stevie, and as Hollywood icon Patricia Neal in The Patricia Neal Story.

A staunch Labour supporter, she was approached to stand for Parliament - and said she agreed because she disliked former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and the "destruction that her policies has had on human beings".

There was a link between acting and politics, she said.

"The best theatre is about trying to find and tell the truth," she told Desert Island Discs. "It's not about covering up. It's not about playing games. It's not about hiding. It's not about pretending you're something you're not.

"It's trying to find what it is to be a human being and why we behave towards each other in the ways that we do. And I think that the best politics is trying to find the truth as well."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The video shows the schoolboy being approached by at least four officers

An 11-year-old boy armed with a knife was Tasered by police during a stand-off in South Ayrshire, it has emerged.

Police Scotland confirmed the incident took place on 22 March at the Craig Tara caravan park, near Ayr.

Footage published by the Scottish Sun shows several officers asking the boy to put down the weapon before one of them fires the 50,000-volt stun gun.

The incident had been referred to the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc).

Police Scotland said the situation "was resolved with no serious injuries".

The video shows the schoolboy being approached by at least four officers, one of whom is pointing a Taser at the child. He appears to be holding a knife and a mobile phone.

The officers can be heard asking him to put down the knife and "do the right thing" but the boy backs away from them.

One officer asks him: "What do you want do with the knife?"

But the child continues to retreat and tells them to "stay back".

The police officer with the stun gun then discharges the weapon.

All Taser discharges in Scotland are automatically referred for investigation

The Police Scotland website describes Tasers as a useful tool to protect people from violence or threats of violence where other more traditional methods such as physical restraint could result in injury to the person or officers.

Their use on children, however, is controversial, and the United Nations Committee on the Rights of the Child has called for a ban.

The office of the Children's and Young People's Commissioner in Scotland expressed concern at the footage.

Nick Hobbs, head of advice and investigations, said: "Tasers are potentially lethal and inflict severe pain which creates significant risk for children.

"Human rights bodies, including the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child, have long called on Scotland to ban the use of Tasers on children, highlighting the serious risk of physical and psychological harm such weapons pose.

"We remain seriously concerned about Tasers' use in situations where there may be more effective and safer ways to de-escalate high-pressured situations."

The incident took place at the Craig Tara holiday park near Ayr

In 2021 Police Scotland revealed plans for a four-fold increase in Taser officers in response to a rising number of assaults on frontline staff.

The force confirmed Specially Trained Officers (STO) numbers would increase from about 500 to 2,000 by 2024.

All incidents where a Taser is discharged are referred to Pirc.

A spokesperson for Pirc said: "We are investigating the circumstances, and once our investigations are complete a report will be issued to the chief constable."

A national advisory group on Taser use in Scotland was set up in February 2022 , and includes children's rights representatives.

A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Officers attended a disturbance involving an 11-year-old boy in possession of a knife at Craig Tara Caravan Park near Ayr around 11.15pm on Wednesday, 22 March.

"The incident was resolved with no serious injuries. It was contained and there was no risk to the wider public.

"A Taser was discharged during this incident. As part of standard procedure, the circumstances of the incident were referred to the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner."

David Threadgold, chairman of the Scottish Police Federation, said all officers who carried Tasers were specially trained to do so.

He added: "They will run through dynamic risk assessments as they are dealing with a particular set of circumstances, and they will ultimately make a decision which they believe they can justify to keep people safe."

A spokesperson from Haven, which runs Craig Tara caravan park, said: "We are aware that a serious and isolated incident occurred at our Craig Tara site in March. We fully cooperated with the police at the time and as this is now a matter for the authorities, we are unable to comment further."

Tariq Ramadan was voted one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world in 2004

Renowned Islamic studies scholar Tariq Ramadan has been cleared of rape and sexual coercion by a Swiss court.

Mr Ramadan, who is a Swiss citizen, is the grandson of Hassan al-Banna, the founder of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood.

The case was brought by a Swiss woman who said she had been raped by Mr Ramadan in a Geneva hotel in 2008.

A convert to Islam, and a fan of Mr Ramadan's, the woman told the court she had been subjected to a brutal sexual assault, beatings and insults.

She said it happened after she was invited by the former Oxford academic for a coffee after a conference.

Mr Ramadan, who is 60, had faced up to three years in prison if convicted. He denied all the charges, but did admit to having met the woman.

The trial was a sharp contrast to the career so far of the man once feted as a "rock star" of Islamic thought.

As Europe struggled with terrorist attacks and rising anti-Muslim feeling, Mr Ramadan appeared as a voice of reason - condemning terrorism and opposing the death penalty. He was denied entry to Tunisia, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Libya, and Syria, because, he said, he had criticised their lack of democracy.

In 2004 he was voted one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world.

In 2007 he became a professor of Islamic studies at St Antony's College Oxford. He also had his critics, particularly in France, where a number of leading academics accused him of anti-Semitism.

But in 2017, Mr Ramadan's meteoric rise ended, when he was accused by a French woman of rape.

Supporters of Mr Ramadan protested on the streets of Paris following the allegations in France

When that case became public, more women came forward.

By 2020 he was facing five charges of rape - four in France, and one in Switzerland - and had spent nine months in detention in France before being released on probation. He has consistently denied all the charges against him.

The Swiss case was the first to come to trial, and the atmosphere in the Geneva courtroom was tense.

Mr Ramadan faced a barrage of cameras as he arrived. His accuser, using the name Brigitte to protect her identity, requested a screen be put up in the courtroom so she would not have to look at the man she claimed raped her.

She described the alleged attack in detail, saying she feared she would die.

Mr Ramadan admitted inviting her to his hotel room, but denied any form of violence. He said all the accusations against him have been politically motivated and designed to discredit him.

His French and Swiss lawyers also questioned the accusers' truthfulness, citing inconsistencies around the dates of the alleged attacks.

Mr Ramadan was supported in that argument by his family. His son Sami, pointing to his father's "role in the debate about Islam in France," told the BBC in 2019 that the cases against his father were "motivated by other reasons, which we feel are political."

That view was backed by dozens of high-profile figures, including American philosopher Noam Chomsky, and British filmmaker Ken Loach, who signed an open letter questioning whether Mr Ramadan was receiving a fair legal process, with the usual presumption of innocence.

In court in Geneva, the prosecution insisted Brigitte could not have invented the alleged attack or have been able to tell it to the judges in such detail.

Mr Ramadan's defence lawyer insisted on his innocence, describing the charges against him as "crazy". In his own remarks to the court, Mr Ramadan asked not to be tried on his "real or supposed ideology".

After a week's deliberation, the three Swiss judges found him innocent.

While he has been cleared in Switzerland, this could be just the first of several trials.

In France, prosecutors are still assessing whether charges brought against Mr Ramadan should go to court.

He continues to protest his innocence in all the cases, and has vowed to clear his name.

The mural has appeared at Blacksole Farm

A new Banksy mural has appeared on the wall of a derelict farmhouse in the seaside town of Herne Bay, Kent.

The mural, called Morning is Broken, shows a young boy opening curtains made of corrugated iron alongside a cat.

The anonymous artist confirmed they were the creator of the piece in a post shared to Instagram.

In the post, it appears the piece - and part of the building - had been demolished.

The artwork had appeared on the side of a derelict farmhouse on Blacksole Farm.

Owners of the land, Kitewood, said demolition work is currently being undertaken at the site.

In February, another installation created by Banksy, called Valentine's Day Mascara, appeared in Margate. It was dismantled by the local council hours after the artist had claimed it.

It was later confirmed that piece would be taken to the town's Dreamland theme park.

Owners of the land, Kitewood, said demolition work is currently being undertaken at the site

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The first minister said the UK government was trying to 'undermine devolution'

First Minister Humza Yousaf has accused the UK government of sabotaging a pilot recycling scheme by excluding glass.

Glass bottles were a key part of Scottish proposals for the deposit return scheme (DRS), due to start in March - ahead of other UK schemes.

The UK government agreed for the scheme to go ahead in Scotland, but said it wanted to ensure it "aligned" with plans in other nations.

The move casts doubt over whether the Scottish scheme can go ahead.

Mr Yousaf told the BBC: "They're not just trying to scupper the DRS - they're trying to undermine devolution. We've seen it multiple times.

"Not only is it bad in terms of devolution and self government, it's really poor for the environment. If we don't include glass that's 600 million bottles that won't be moved from our streets, our beaches and our parks."

The drinks industry previously shared concerns about the scheme's readiness

BBC Scotland's political editor Glenn Campbell said one source closely involved in the DRS had put the chances of it going ahead at 50/50.

The Scottish government is expected to take a couple of weeks to crunch the numbers before making a decision.

The scheme is aimed at increasing the number of single-use drinks bottles and cans that are recycled.

It means 20p will be added to the price of a single-use drinks container, which will be refunded to people who return it to a retailer or hospitality premises that offer single-use products.

The scheme was due to begin in August but was delayed following concerns from the drinks industry.

Some firms feared it would place extra costs and other burdens on them at a time when they are already struggling.

Similar UK initiatives are expected in 2025 - with proposals in Wales including glass bottles.

Because Scottish ministers wanted to introduce their scheme sooner, they had to seek an exemption from the Internal Market Act.

The legislation was brought in after Brexit in a bid to ensure smooth trade across the different nations of the UK.

There had been concerns that the timing of a Scottish scheme could create a trade barrier.

On Saturday morning the UK government confirmed it had accepted the Scottish government's request "on a temporary and limited basis".

The exemption from internal market rules lasts from the launch of the Scottish scheme until other planned schemes are in place in the rest of the UK.

Scotland's DRS will cover PET plastic, aluminium, and steel cans only.

A UK government spokesperson said: "Deposit return schemes need to be consistent across the UK and this is the best way to provide a simple and effective system.

"A system with the same rules for the whole UK will increase recycling collection rates and reduce litter - as well as minimise disruption to the drinks industry and ensure simplicity for consumers."

Mr Yousaf previously claimed it would be a "democratic outrage" for the UK government to agree to the DRS excluding glass.

However Scottish Conservative MSP Maurice Golden said the situation was a mess of the Scottish government's own making.

He said: "Rather than trying to pick a fight, the SNP and Greens must now accept this help to create a deposit return scheme that actually works for the people of Scotland."

Lorna Slater had urged Westminster to "do the right thing" and allow the scheme to go ahead

Scottish Greens co-leader Lorna Slater, who had been driving the introduction of the DRS, said the Scottish Parliament had been "treated with contempt".

The decision to exclude glass meant she would have to look "very seriously" at the viability of the Scottish scheme, she said.

Mr Yousaf added that millions of pounds had been spent on a scheme that proposed to include glass.

He said he did not want to go ahead with a scheme that excluded glass, but would look at the various options.

For it to work effectively, the Scottish deposit return scheme needs an exemption from the rules of the UK internal market act.

The Scottish government has asked for that and - on the face of it - their request has now been granted by the UK government. So what's the problem?

There are strings attached. A tangle of conditions including the exclusion of glass that make the Scottish government wonder whether their proposals are still viable.

UK ministers will argue they are acting on a practical basis, to ensure any Scottish scheme aligns with future developments in other parts of the UK.

There are certainly businesses that welcome their intervention and others that may have an axe to grind against government at some level, having shelled out to prepare for a scheme that would include glass.

To Scottish ministers this is a power play by the UK government - an outrageous interference in devolved decision making akin to the block on gender reform legislation and resistance to indyref2.

The British Soft Drinks Association (BSDA) has said the "only viable option now" was for a UK-wide initiative to be launched across all four nations in 2025.

Dougal Sharp, founder of brewer Innis and Gunn, said uncertainty over the scheme made things "brutal and impossible to plan".

Brewer Dougal Sharp said businesses had faced enough uncertainty in recent years

He said: "Businesses are already spending a lot of money on this scheme in Scotland. It just feels like another twist and a very shambolic scheme implementation.

"We've already seen it delayed from August. All of these delays inevitably lead to weakened consumer confidence and particularly business confidence.

"Businesses cannot plan in this environment. Businesses are struggling to survive and this is absolutely the last thing we need at the moment."

A new drone attack on Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia power plant has raised the risk of a "major nuclear accident", the UN's atomic watchdog has warned.

Russia said Ukraine was behind the attack, which it said injured three people. Ukraine has denied involvement.

The giant Russian-held nuclear plant, with six reactors, is on the frontline of the Russia-Ukraine conflict.

The UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has repeatedly warned against such attacks.

IAEA head Rafael Grossi said Sunday's drone strike was "reckless" and "a major escalation of the nuclear safety and security dangers" facing the plant.

The Zaporizhzhia plant, in southern Ukraine, is the largest in Europe. Russian forces seized it shortly after launching their February 2022 full-scale invasion and have occupied it ever since.

The IAEA, which has a team of experts at Zaporizhzhia, confirmed "physical impact of drone attacks" at the plant, including at one of the reactors.

The plant's Russian-installed administration said radiation levels were normal and that there was no serious damage.

The IAEA said the damage had not compromised nuclear safety, but it warned that "this is a serious incident with potential to undermine [the] integrity of the reactor's containment system".

Mr Grossi specified there had been "at least three direct hits" against the plant's "main reactor containment structures".

"This cannot happen," he said. "No one can conceivably benefit or get any military or political advantage from attacks against nuclear facilities. This is a no go."

Both Russia and Ukraine regularly accuse each other of shelling the plant and risking a serious nuclear accident.

Russia has occupied the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant since early 2022

The plant's Russian administration has said Ukraine's armed forces were behind the attack, but Ukraine has denied the allegation.

"Ukraine was not involved in any armed provocations on the site," Ukrainian Main Intelligence Directorate spokesman Andriy Yusov told the Ukrainska Pravda news website. The plant is "illegally occupied by Russia," he added.

Mr Yusov accused Russia of endangering the nuclear facility, the civilian population and the environment by carrying out strikes on the plant itself.

Last month the IAEA said its team of experts at the plant had heard explosions every day for a week.

At the time, Mr Grossi said: "For more than two years now, nuclear safety and security in Ukraine has been in constant jeopardy. We remain determined to do everything we can to help minimise the risk of a nuclear accident that could harm people and the environment, not only in Ukraine."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. PRONI: 'It's like a window into the past'

A treasure trove of Northern Ireland's rarest historical records is being showcased as part of a new project.

One hundred significant documents are being collated by the public records office to mark its centenary year.

It includes diaries from the Irish famine and handwritten accounts from the Easter Rising.

It also features minutes of a meeting in the aftermath of the sinking of the Titanic as directors of Harland and Wolff recorded the deaths.

The Public Record Office of Northern Ireland (PRONI) is the official place of deposit for historical records in Northern Ireland and is part of the Department for Communities.

The office also collects a wide range of archives from private sources and currently holds about three and a half million records.

The Public Records Office of Ireland, which was based in the Four Courts in central Dublin, was destroyed in 1922 by fire in the Irish Civil War, along with countless precious records.

PRONI was then established in Northern Ireland in 1924, just after the partition of Ireland.

It is now highlighting some of its rarest documents as part of year-long events marking its centenary.

PRONI's acting director David Huddleston said: "We're highlighting these 100 documents in our centenary year in the hope that it will help the public realise they have access to all this history that they mightn't realise is here.

"Although we've been collecting for a century, we have documents that go back many hundreds of years, it's like having a window into the past."

Lynsey Gillespie, PRONI's outreach and engagement officer, said a handwritten account of the 1916 Easter Rising was one of her favourite documents in the centenary collection.

A diary written by a County Down woman during a trip to Dublin in April 1916 is part of the collection

It is a diary written by Eva Chichester from County Down during a trip to Dublin in April 1916.

Ms Gillespie said: "She's going on a bit of a girls' trip for some shopping, but when she gets down there, what we now know as the Easter Rising kicks off and she's just furious that her plans have been up ended.

"So it's a really different perspective on this hugely historical event."

A Royal Patent from 1622 is part of the collection

Other documents in the collection include a Royal Patent from 1622 appointing James Hamilton as Viscount Clandeboye. It includes a coloured and gilded royal portrait.

A Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association poster from 1968 reading 'A civil rights march will be held in Derry on Saturday, 5th Oct' is also in the collection.

And there is a file containing detailed notes of the first formal meeting between NIO officials and a Sinn Féin delegation led by Martin McGuinness in 1994.

The collection includes a a diary of a County Down farmer recorded between 1818 and 1864

Diaries of farmer James Harshaw from Donaghmore in County Down recorded between 1818 and 1864 also appear in the collection, giving an account of life through a turbulent period, including the potato famine.

There is a letter from 1885 relating to teenage sisters who emigrated from County Fermanagh to the USA to make a new life, covering everything from romance to religion and politics.

The full list containing the 100 items will be unveiled at an event in June on the anniversary of the legislation that created the records office.

A cache of classified US documents leaked online sheds new light on American intelligence gathered about other countries.

Images of the covert files have appeared on messaging app Discord since early March.

Complete with timelines and dozens of military acronyms, the documents, some marked "top secret", paint a detailed picture of the war in Ukraine and also offer information on China and allies.

Pentagon officials are quoted as saying the documents are real.

BBC News and other news organisations have reviewed the documents and these are some of the key findings.

The US believed the UN secretary general's stance on a key grain deal was undermining attempts to hold Russia accountable for the war in Ukraine.

Antonio Guterres was too willing to accommodate Russian interests, according to files which suggest Washington has been closely monitoring him.

Several documents describe private communications involving Mr Guterres and his deputy.

One leaked document focuses on the Black Sea grain deal, brokered by the UN and Turkey in July following fears of a global food crisis.

It suggests that Mr Guterres was so keen to preserve the deal that he was willing to give in to Russia's demands - a stance which was "undermining broader efforts to hold Russia accountable".

While the bulk of the leaked documents concern, in one way or another, the war in Ukraine, there are others that touch on a huge range of unrelated issues. Many of them shed light on some of Washington's global preoccupations.

Like the spread and purpose of Chinese technology.

The documents appear to have been printed out and folded before being photographed and posted online

Three documents based on intelligence from late February detail discussions among senior Jordanian officials over whether or not to shut the Chinese firm Huawei out of its 5G rollout plans.

Jordan's Crown Prince Hussein, in charge of the rollout, is said in the document to be worried about retaliation from China if they keep Huawei out.

Nor is this the only place where fears about Chinese technology are revealed

Another document marked top secret addresses China's "developing cyber-attack capabilities." It says these are designed "to deny, exploit, and hijack satellite links and networks as part of its strategy to control information, which it considers to be a key warfighting domain."

Newly discovered documents suggest Russian officials are at loggerheads over the reporting of casualties.

The main intelligence agency, the FSB, has "accused" the country's defence ministry of playing down the human impact of the war, the files show.

These findings show the extent to which the US agencies have penetrated the Russian intelligence and military.

One document, dated 23 March, refers to the presence of a small number of Western special forces operating inside Ukraine, without specifying their activities or location. The UK has the largest contingent (50), followed by Latvia (17), France (15), the US (14) and the Netherlands (1).

Western governments typically refrain from commenting on such sensitive matters, but this detail is likely to be seized upon by Moscow, which has in recent months argued that it is not just confronting Ukraine, but Nato as well.

Other documents say when a dozen new Ukrainian brigades - being prepared for an offensive that could begin within weeks - will be ready. They list, in great detail, the tanks, armoured vehicles and artillery pieces that are being provided by Ukraine's Western allies.

One map includes a timeline that assesses ground conditions across eastern Ukraine as spring progresses.

According to the Washington Post newspaper, one document from early February expresses misgivings about Ukraine's chances of success in its forthcoming counteroffensive, saying that problems with generating and sustaining sufficient forces could result in "modest territorial gains".

Ukraine's difficulties in maintaining its vital air defences are also analysed, with warnings from late February that Kyiv might run out of critical missiles.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The Pentagon leaks explained in under 60 seconds.

Casualty figures are also listed. One slide refers to as many as 223,000 Russian soldiers killed or wounded, and as many as 131,000 Ukrainians.

Some Ukrainian officials have dismissed the leaks, suggesting they might constitute a Russian disinformation campaign. But there are signs of frustration and anger too.

One presidential advisor, Mykhailo Podolyak, tweeted: "We need less contemplation on 'leaks' and more long-range weapons in order to properly end the war."

President al-Sisi is said to have told officials to keep production of rockets for Russia secret - but an Egyptian official says the allegation is baseless

The Washington Post obtained access to another document from mid-February, where they found that Egypt had plans to produce 40,000 rockets for Russia in secret.

The Post said President Abdul Fatah al-Sisi told officials to keep production and shipment secret "to avoid problems with the West".

An official is quoted as saying he would "order his people to work shift work if necessary because it was the least Egypt could do to repay Russia for unspecified help earlier".

It is unclear what the earlier help refers to. In January, Reuters reported that Russia's share of Egyptian wheat imports had risen in 2022, offering one possible explanation.

There is no indication that Egypt - a recipient of US security assistance, worth around $1bn a year - went ahead with the proposed sale to Russia.

An unnamed official quoted on Egyptian news channels described the allegation as "utterly baseless" and said Cairo did not take sides in the war.

The Kremlin called it "just another canard" and the White House said there was "no indication" Egypt was providing lethal weapons to Russia.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Expert: US and Egypt ready to move forward after leak

A classified document, seen by the BBC, reveals that South Korea was torn about selling weapons for use in Ukraine.

The report, based on signals intelligence, details a sensitive conversation between national security advisers.

They are torn between US pressure to send ammunition to Ukraine and their policy not to arm countries at war.

One of the advisers suggests sending the shells to Poland instead, to avoid appearing to have given in to the US.

As part of a resupply deal last year, Seoul insisted that the US could not pass the shells on to Ukraine. Seoul has been reluctant to arm Ukraine, for fear of antagonising Russia.

The leak has triggered security concerns in Seoul, with opposition politicians questioning how the US was able to intercept such a high-level conversation.

The Post also found that Beijing tested one of its experimental missiles - the DF-27 hypersonic glide vehicle - on 25 February.

The missile flew for 12 minutes over a distance of 2,100km (1,300 miles), according to the documents.

Dmitry Mishov: "I am an officer, not an accomplice in a crime"

A military defector who fled Russia on foot has given a rare interview to the BBC, in which he paints a picture of an army suffering heavy losses and experiencing low morale.

Lieutenant Dmitry Mishov, a 26-year-old airman, handed himself into the Lithuanian authorities, seeking political asylum.

Dmitry said escaping from Russia in such dramatic fashion, with a small rucksack on his back, was his last resort.

He is among a small handful of known cases of serving military officers fleeing the country to avoid being sent to Ukraine to fight - and the only case of a serving airman that the BBC knows of.

Dmitry, an attack helicopter navigator, was based in the Pskov region, in north-western Russia. When the aircraft started to be prepared for combat, Dmitry sensed a real war was coming, not just drills.

He tried to leave the air force in January 2022 but his paperwork had not gone through by the time Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February. He was sent to Belarus where he flew helicopters delivering military cargo.

Dmitry says he never went to Ukraine. We cannot verify this part of his story but his documents appear to be genuine and many of his statements match what we know from other sources.

In April 2022 he returned to his base in Russia where he hoped to continue his decommissioning. It was a lengthy process which was close to completion - but in September 2022 President Putin announced partial military mobilisation. He was told he would not be allowed to leave the army.

He knew that sooner or later he would be sent to Ukraine and started looking for ways to avoid it.

"I am a military officer, my duty is to protect my country from aggression. I don't have to become an accomplice in a crime. No one explained to us why this war started, why we had to attack Ukrainians and destroy their cities?"

He describes the mood in the army as mixed. Some men support the war, he says, some are dead against it. Very few believe they are fighting to protect Russia from real danger. This has long been the official narrative - that Moscow was forced to resort to a "special military operation" to prevent an attack against Russia.

Overwhelming and common, according to Mishov, is unhappiness with low salaries.

He says experienced air force officers are still paid their pre-war contract salary of up to 90,000 roubles (£865, $1090). This is while new recruits are being tempted into the army with 204,000 roubles (£1960, $2465) as part of an official and publicly advertised campaign.

Dmitry says that while attitudes towards Ukraine may vary, no one in the army believes official reports about things going well at the front or about low casualties.

Dmitry Mishov's documents prove his rank and position in the army

"In the military no one believes the authorities. They can see what is really happening. They are not some civilians in front of the telly. The military do not believe official reports, because they are simply not true."

He says that while in the early days of the war the Russian command was claiming no casualties or losses of kit, he personally knew some of those who had been killed.

Before the war his unit had between 40 and 50 aircraft. In the first few days after the start of the Russian invasion, six had been shot down and three destroyed on the ground.

Russian authorities rarely report military casualties. Last September, Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said Russia had lost around 6,000 men, a figure most analysts, including pro-Kremlin military bloggers considered an underestimate.

In the most recent instalment of a research project identifying Russian servicemen killed in the war in Ukraine, BBC Russian's Olga Ivshina compiled a list of 25,000 names and in many cases ranks of soldiers and officers. Real figures, including those missing in action, she believes, are much higher.

Dmitry describes losses among military air crews as extremely high. This matches findings in an investigation Olga Ivshina has been conducting which found that Russia lost hundreds of highly skilled servicemen, including pilots and technicians, whose training is time-consuming and costly.

"Now they can replace the helicopters, but there are not enough pilots," Dmitry says. "If we compare this to the war in Afghanistan in the 1980s, we know that the Soviet Union lost 333 helicopters there. I believe that we've experienced the same losses in one year."

In January this year, Dmitry was told he was going to be sent "on a mission".

Realising that it could mean only one thing - going to Ukraine - he resorted to a suicide attempt. He hoped that this would lead to his decommissioning on health grounds. But it did not.

While he was recovering in hospital, he read an article about a 27-year ex-police officer from the Pskov region who had successfully escaped to Latvia. Dmitry decided to follow his example.

"I was not refusing to serve in the army as such. I would serve my country if it faced a real threat. I was only refusing to be an accomplice in a crime.

"Had I boarded that helicopter, I would have taken the lives of several dozen people, at the very least. I didn't want to do that. Ukrainians are not our enemy."

Dmitry searched for help on Telegram channels to plot a route through the woods on the EU border. He packed as light as he could.

He says walking through the woods was terrifying as he feared being stopped by border guards.

"Had they arrested me, I could have gone to prison for a long time."

He says at one point a flare launched somewhere close to him and then another one. He panicked that this was border guards coming after him and started running.

"I couldn't see where I was going, my thoughts were in disarray."

He came to a wire fence and climbed over it. Soon he knew he made it.

A reconstruction of the moment Dmitry felt he could breathe freely

Dmitry assumes the Russian authorities will start a criminal case against him. But he believes many of his army comrades will understand his motivation.

Some had even advised him to try and hide in Russia, but he thinks even in a country that vast he would not have escaped being found and punished for desertion.

He does not know what will happen to him next.

But Dmitry says he prefers to try and build a new life in the EU than be on tenterhooks at home.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The BBC's Archana Shukla in Cuttack: ''Distress and chaos'' at the hospital treating the train crash injured

People found guilty over a deadly rail accident in eastern India will be "punished stringently", the country's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.

At least 288 people were killed and more than 800 injured in Friday's incident in Odisha state, involving two passenger trains and a goods train.

Rescue efforts have concluded, with officials saying all trapped and injured passengers have been retrieved.

Mr Modi has visited the scene, labelling the incident a "painful" one.

He also met victims of the disaster in hospital, and vowed that his government would leave "no stone unturned for the treatment of those injured".

It is still not clear what caused the multi-train collision in Balasore district, which has been described as India's worst rail accident this century.

A full investigation has been launched, but a preliminary report indicates that the accident was the result of signal failure, said KS Anand, chief public relations officer of the South Eastern Railway.

Some 2,000 passengers are thought to have been on board the two passenger trains involved.

The exact sequence of events has been the subject of conflicting accounts.

Officials say several carriages from the Coromandel Express, travelling between Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) and Chennai (formerly Madras), derailed at about 19:00 (13:30 GMT) after hitting a stationary goods train. It remains unclear how the Express ended up on the same track as the goods train.

Several of the Coromandel Express's coaches then ended up on the opposite track. Another train travelling in the opposite direction - the Howrah Superfast Express travelling from Yesvantpur to Howrah - collided with derailed carriages.

"The Coromandel Express was supposed to travel on the main line, but a signal was given for the loop line instead, and the train rammed into a goods train already parked over there," Mr Anand said.

"Its coaches then fell on to the tracks on either side, also derailing the Howrah Superfast Express," he said.

Sounds of ambulance sirens have been going off every 30 minutes outside the trauma centre in the SCB hospital in the city of Cuttack - where critically injured passengers have been wheeled in.

So far, close to 200 passengers from the train accident site have been brought in, and the numbers continue to rise.

The hospital is the largest in the state of Odisha, but is still three hours' drive from the accident site.

The hospital staff - from junior doctors to nurses and ward boys - have been lined up and waiting in groups to assist patients as they are brought in. Wards have been expanded to handle the numbers coming in.

The constant sounds of whistles and announcements by hospital authorities interrupt the chaos.

Family members of the injured are waiting anxiously outside praying for their relatives' wellbeing. But many are still looking for their loved ones, not knowing their whereabouts.

There is a counter set up to assist people who cannot locate their family members. It is crowded, and the lists run long.

Some people met by the BBC ran from the accident site to nearby hospitals before coming to the facility in Cuttack - searching for their families who were on board the trains.

People check a list at a hospital in Cuttack to see if their relatives have been taken there

Announcing the conclusion of rescue efforts on Saturday, the railway ministry said work to restore the crash site had begun.

Survivors and eyewitnesses earlier described chaotic scenes and the heroic efforts of people from nearby villages to save trapped passengers.

Mukesh Pandit, who was trapped for half an hour before being rescued, told the BBC he heard a "thunderous sound" shortly before the carriage overturned.

"Four passengers who were travelling from my village have survived, but a lot of people are injured or still missing. A lot of people died in the coach I was travelling in," he added.

Residents of the neighbouring villages were among the first to reach the site of the accident and start the rescue operation.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

India has one of the largest train networks in the world with millions of passengers using it daily, but a lot of the railway infrastructure needs improving.

Trains can get very packed at this time of year, with a growing number of people travelling during school holidays.

Both passenger trains involved in the crash were full and had many more people on the waiting list, according to passenger lists on the Indian rail ministry website reviewed by the BBC.

India's worst train disaster was in 1981, when an overcrowded passenger train was blown off the tracks and into a river during a cyclone in Bihar state, killing about 800 people.

Are you in the area? Did you witness the incident? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Baroness Doreen Lawrence said it was "infuriating" police had not faced sanctions for the failed investigation into her son's murder

There have been calls to reopen police inquiries into the racist murder of Stephen Lawrence after a BBC investigation uncovered new evidence.

Barrister Michael Mansfield, who has represented the family, said it was still possible to put remaining suspects on trial.

Baroness Doreen Lawrence, Stephen's mother, said it was "infuriating" no officers had suffered consequences.

There should be "serious sanctions" for the failed investigation, she said.

A BBC investigation for the first time named Matthew White as a suspect in the 1993 murder in Eltham, south-east London. Five prime suspects were previously known, and two were convicted in 2012. White died in 2021.

The BBC found that witnesses had said White told them he had been present during the attack, that evidence showed his alibi was false, and that police surveillance photos of White showed a resemblance to eyewitness accounts of an unidentified fair-haired attacker.

Evidence also revealed more mistakes by police, raised questions over the Metropolitan Police's decision to stop investigating in 2020, and further implicated suspects who are still alive.

Mr Mansfield told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that White "should have been and could have been charged" before his death.

Evidence implicating other suspects - including one witness who said White had admitted he was present and had named others in the attack - could still be used against them, the barrister said. "It's possible to put them on trial in this matter," he said.

Tory MP Sir Peter Bottomley, who represented Eltham at the time of the murder, told Radio 4's the World At One the BBC investigation showed the crime "would have been solved within hours" if the police had given proper attention to the eyewitness evidence from Duwayne Brooks, Stephen's friend who was with him at the time of the attack.

He said the police also needed to explain the "unjustified decision" to remove Clive Driscoll, the senior detective who had convicted two of the suspects, from the case.

An artist's impression of the "fair-haired attacker", a surveillance photo of Matthew White and a police e-fit

Mr Brooks, who gave police a description of the lead attacker which resembled White, said: "I never received the basics of support because of my skin colour. Police forces and other criminal justice agencies need to know that their treatment of victims and witnesses must be at minimum what is set out in the victims code."

Baroness Lawrence said in a statement that the BBC's revelations of new failings by the Met Police were "shocking but unsurprising" after 30 years in which mistakes in the investigation have been laid bare.

"What is infuriating about this latest revelation is that the man who is said to have led the murderous attack on my son has evaded justice because of police failures and yet not a single police officer has faced or will ever face action," she said.

"It should not have taken a journalist to do the job that a huge, highly resourced institution should have done."

She said only when police officers lose their jobs for such failings can the public be reassured that incompetence will not be tolerated.

"The failure to properly investigate a main suspect in a murder case is so grave that it should be met by serious sanctions," she said.

Duwayne Brooks (L) with Stephen Lawrence's father Neville outside the High Court in London in 2015

The Independent Office for Police Conduct, which investigates serious allegations against the police, said it is still waiting after more than two years for prosecutors to decide whether four former officers should face charges of misconduct in a public office over their handling of the case.

The Crown Prosecution Service said more material has been provided since the file was handed over.

London Mayor Sadiq Khan told broadcasters: "If there's evidence of failings, of misconduct, it's really important action is taken."

He said he welcomed the police's assurance that they would investigate any new information, following the BBC's revelations.

Mr Khan said: "This investigation wasn't done by police officers, it was done by journalists. This stuff should have been known by police officers 30 years ago, not journalists 30 years later."

Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was "concerning" that prosecutors had been examining the file on possible police misconduct for years and said decisions on this and any further necessary investigations should be made urgently.

"The Lawrence family have already endured so much injustice, they should not have to keep waiting for answers and action," she said.

Jack Straw, who as home secretary ordered a landmark public inquiry into the case, said he was "frankly astonished" that evidence uncovered by the BBC was available at the time but was never brought to him or to the head of the inquiry, Sir William Macpherson.

He told BBC Radio 4's PM programme that it was clear to him some "corrupt officers" had been withholding information.

Det Ch Insp Andy George, president of the National Black Police Association, said there was "certainly a case" to reopen the investigation into the murder.

"I don't think it should have ever been closed and I think it's a stain on the Metropolitan Police that it was," he told LBC News.

"I think it needs to be taken on by an external force and it needs to be looked at by them. Somebody else needs to come in now, and not only review it but follow on with those investigative lines."

In response to the BBC investigation, the Met took the almost unprecedented step of naming White as a suspect. The force apologised again for its handling of the case.

It said the failure to trace one key witness, a relative of White, for 20 years was a "significant and regrettable error".

New evidence about the murder of Stephen Lawrence, uncovered by BBC investigative reporter, Daniel De Simone.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Police moved to arrest a group of protesters in Piccadilly as the annual Pride parade got under way

Five Just Stop Oil protesters have been charged over demonstrations which briefly led to London's annual Pride parade being delayed.

Images on social media on Saturday showed police removing demonstrators who managed to briefly stop the march.

Seven people were arrested by the Metropolitan Police. Five have since been charged and two have been bailed.

The five people, aged between 20 and 68, have been charged with Public Order offences.

They are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.

Police said the five charged are Ben Plumpton, 68, of Underbank Ave, Charlestown, Calderdale; Zosia Lewis, 22, of Melbourne Street, Newcastle upon Tyne; Oliver Clegg, 20, of Olney Street, Manchester; Gosse Bootsma, 25, of no fixed address, and Callum Goode, 23, of Ashbourne, Derbyshire.

Organisers estimated about 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade

In addition, two males, aged 19 and 22 have been released on bail pending further enquiries, the Met added.

This year's Pride procession started at midday at Hyde Park Corner and people peacefully made their way through Westminster's streets before it finished at Whitehall Place.

A number of stages hosted performances from LGBTQ+ acts as part of the celebrations.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Outside of the course there are peer support groups, exercise classes and dinners

Motherhood is often thought to be one of life's best experiences, but many mums find it lonely.

When Bethanie Casey had her babies she couldn't understand why she was feeling so low.

Living in Norton, Powys, Ms Casey experienced residual postnatal depression after both pregnancies.

She is one of a number of women who benefitted from an intervention service, delivered by the charity Mind, for mums with mental health challenges.

Ms Casey, 28, said she "had this realisation one day: Why did I feel so down? Why was I so tired? Why did I feel so alone?"

She had "no family or friends around" and her partner was working 65-hour weeks.

A health visitor suggested she enrol in a course called Mums Matter.

It was founded by Tracy Lewis, who works for Mind, after she spotted a major need to help mothers with isolation and loneliness in rural Wales.

Bethanie says "no-one judged" her for saying what she felt at the group

The course lasts for eight weeks and each week focuses on a different subject.

Ms Lewis said: "I think the really hard-hitting [week] is usually three, which is the unhelpful thinking patterns and when we look at strategies to why they have got unhelpful thinking, how we can break the unhelpful thinking."

The charity said the project has helped more than 400 mums, who can either be self-referred or referred by a healthcare professional, if they are over 18.

Alongside the course, several of the mums have volunteered to create a peer support group.

"I just felt so safe and embraced there, and it was a place to honestly express how I was feeling - the loneliness, the guilt, the intrusive thoughts - and no one judged me," Ms Casey said.

She said her "life has changed" because she realised she was not alone.

"Before, I was stuck in those negative patterns and cycles, and I couldn't get out of the hole. Now I've got somebody giving me a ladder, getting me right out."

Mum-of-three Becca Hughes, 29, from Builth Wells, has also taken part in the course.

Ms Hughes had a baby with a new partner who then died unexpectedly.

She said raising her children alone while grieving "put a huge strain on my mental state".

"Life got so difficult in the following years that I attempted to take my own life," she said.

Becca has become a volunteer to help other mums like her

Ms Hughes, who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism, said she found "some social situations quite difficult" but felt like she "fitted in" with the group in ways she did not with other mother and baby groups.

"I used to think I was mad for thinking this thing, and then I'd go there and someone would say it and I was like 'oh my God I'm not mad'," she said.

"It's changed my life," she added, particularly the week where she learnt to "deal with negative thoughts and handling pressures".

Wilna says she is able to understand her feelings better after doing the Mums Matter course

Wilna Evans, 31, moved to Wales from South Africa with her family as a child.

She later met and married her husband, Geraint, and stayed behind with him when the rest of her family returned to South Africa in 2015.

"Being a farmer's wife can be lonely at the best of times, let alone when your entire family gets on a plane back to South Africa. I felt as though I had no-one," Mrs Evans said.

"My husband single-handedly looks after 2,000 sheep and 100 cattle. It's a seven-day-a-week job, so when I had my first daughter in 2019, I had absolutely no help.

"I had a lot of anger and frustration built up, I didn't know why I was getting really angry at everything."

Wilna Evans says the family dynamic works well now she understands how to "set boundaries" and give herself time away from the children

Mrs Evans said she was "surviving not thriving" and felt "incredibly lonely".

She enrolled on the course, which she said helped her to figure out how to manage motherhood and maintain her own identity.

Now the children stay with their dad on the farm twice a week, while she takes time to herself and works in the community farm shop.

"I feel part of a community now, like-minded women, we can all ring each other whenever we want," she said.

Namrata Bhardwa says the group is a space to talk about the "cultural issues" she experienced

Namrata Bhardwa, 29, also found living in rural Wales difficult with a new baby.

She grew up in Coventry, which had "really strong Asian communities and influence", before moving to to Rhayader, Powys, where "the nearest temple is two hours away".

She took part in the project and found it helped her to "explore all kinds of often-taboo issues relating to motherhood, from mental health to postnatal sex, in a completely non-judgmental and often light-hearted way".

Simon Jones from Mind Cymru said as many as one in four mums experience mental health challenges during pregnancy.

He said a recent report from the Maternal Mental Health Alliance showed all seven Welsh health boards had increased their budgets for perinatal mental health services.

"Clearly good work is underway, but there are still issues around budget underspend and standards not being met, and more work for health boards to do to make sure that every woman in Wales has the same level of access to high quality, accessible care," he said.

Deputy Minister for Mental Health and Wellbeing Lynne Neagle said having a baby "can be a challenging time mentally and physically" but said the project was "a fantastic example" of early intervention.

For details of organisations which offer advice and support, go to BBC Action Line.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The government has ditched its plan for thousands of EU-era laws to expire automatically at the end of the year.

The plan - dubbed a post-Brexit bonfire - would see laws that were copied over to the UK after Brexit vanish, unless specifically kept or replaced.

Critics of the bill had voiced concern that it could lead to important legislation falling away by accident.

But the climbdown is likely to trigger anger from Brexit-backing Conservative MPs and members of the House of Lords.

Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch said the cut-off point would be replaced with a list of 600 laws the government wants to replace by the end of the year.

In a statement, she said the change would be made through an amendment when the Retained EU Law Bill returns to Parliament next week.

Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg, who introduced the bill when he was in government, called the move an "admission of administrative failure".

It showed an "inability of Whitehall to do the necessary work and an incapability of ministers to push this through their own departments," he added.

He said the move to ditch the deadline represented the triumph of "the blob" - a term used by some Tory MPs to describe the Whitehall establishment.

The UK incorporated thousands of EU laws into UK law to minimise disruption to businesses when the UK officially left the EU in 2020 - with an ongoing audit by civil servants having identified 4,800 so far.

Since September 2021, it has been reviewing this body of legislation to identify opportunities to give British firms an edge over European competitors.

The Retained EU Law Bill, which began its journey through Parliament during Liz Truss's premiership, would have introduced a 31 December cut-off date for most of these laws to expire, unless ministers replaced or decided to retain them.

However opposition parties, trade unions and campaign groups cast doubt on whether the deadline was realistic, given the huge workload in reviewing the legislation.

In a statement on Wednesday, Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch acknowledged the deadline had created "legal uncertainty" for businesses.

She said the government had already got rid of, changed or replaced around 1,000 EU-era laws - and was still committed to "lightening the regulatory burden on businesses".

But she added that the "growing volume" of EU laws identified during the ongoing audit had started to get in the way of "meaningful reform".

Writing in the Telegraph, she added: "Getting rid of EU law in the UK should be about more than a race to a deadline".

However, Labour called the move a "humiliating u-turn," accusing ministers of trying to "rescue this sinking ship of a bill".

"After wasting months of parliamentary time, the Tories have conceded that this universally unpopular bill will damage the economy," said Jenny Chapman, Labour's shadow Cabinet Office minister.

Liberal Democrat peer Lord Fox said the Conservatives had "dug themselves into a hole" with the bill, adding: "While they may have stopped digging, they're still in the hole".

Asked about Ms Badenoch's article, David Penman, chair of the civil servants' union the FDA, said he read it as a criticism of an "artificial deadline" championed by the former business secretary, Mr Rees-Mogg.

"If you set an artificial deadline, what is a government department going to do? It's going to focus on the things that need to be retained in government," Mr Penman told BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Thursday. He said this would "inevitably" take precedence over focusing on what needs to change.

Government is about "doing things, it's about protecting people, it's about making sure business can work," he added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Ros Atkins on... Brexit and the clash over EU laws

The bill was passed by MPs in January, but was expected to run into significant opposition when it faces further scrutiny in the House of Lords.

Peers were meant to start debating the bill last month, but the government was reported to have put it on hold until last week's local elections in England were over.

The government is still expected to face opposition from peers over new powers for ministers to amend or replace EU laws using secondary legislation, a fast-track process that attracts less scrutiny in Parliament.

Opposition MPs, and some Conservatives, say this would rob Parliament of a meaningful say over what is changed.

Around 500 EU laws covering financial services had been exempted from the deadline, as they are due to be repealed by a separate bill making its way through the Commons. The same is expected for EU legislation affecting VAT and customs.

However, the footprint of EU-era legislation is particularly large when it comes to environmental regulation.

Campaign groups have warned about a loss of rights and legal protections in areas including water quality, air pollution standards and protections for wildlife.

The move to get rid of the deadline may be a pragmatic move, but is likely to disappoint MPs on the right of the Conservative Party and leave Prime Minister Rishi Sunak open to the charge he's not delivering the benefits of Brexit he promised.

Mr Sunak had promised during his unsuccessful leadership campaign last summer to publish a list of which EU laws would be retained or scrapped within 100 days of taking office.

However, he did not keep the pledge after taking office in October after he was chosen to replace Liz Truss as prime minister by Conservative MPs.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Ros Atkins on... the Russian social media videos appearing to show Kremlin drone attack

Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has denied his country carried out an alleged drone attack on the Kremlin, which Russia says was an attempt on President Vladimir Putin's life.

"We don't attack Putin or Moscow. We fight on our territory. We are defending our villages and cities," he said, speaking on a visit to Finland.

The Russian president's office said defences downed two drones overnight.

It threatened to retaliate when and where it considered necessary.

Unverified footage circulating online shows smoke rising over the Kremlin - a large government complex in central Moscow - early on Wednesday. A second video shows a small explosion above the site's Senate building, while two men appear to clamber up the dome.

The Russian presidency said Ukraine had attempted a strike on Mr Putin's residence in the Kremlin and described it as "a planned terrorist act and an assassination attempt on the president".

Officials said two drones targeting the complex had been disabled using electronic radar assets, adding that President Putin had not been in the complex at the time of the alleged attack.

But Ukraine has said the Russian accusations are merely a pretext for massive attacks on its territory and the US says it is treating the Russian claims with a lot of caution.

Mr Putin appears to be one of the most closely-guarded leaders in the world. At Putin events in Moscow attended by BBC journalists, extremely tight security has been in place, including extensive checks and long convoys of vehicles with airspace closed and traffic halted.

However if what the Kremlin is saying is true, it will raise questions about how well protected the president really is.

There will also be scrutiny over the effectiveness of Russian air defences. In recent months, anti-aircraft systems have been spotted on Moscow rooftops in the vicinity of key buildings.

They have been placed there because the Kremlin is concerned that Ukraine, or those sympathetic to Ukraine, may attempt to carry out aerial attacks on high-value targets.

Whatever actually happened on Wednesday morning, the question now is how Russia will respond. Some officials have already called for tough action. Russian generals have warned many times of harsh responses to any strikes on Russian territory.

But it is unclear whether Russia has the capacity to carry out meaningful retaliatory strikes, or whether this incident will lead to any significant escalation on the battlefield inside Ukraine.

A Ukrainian presidential adviser told the BBC the incident indicated Russia could be "preparing a large-scale terrorist provocation" in Ukraine.

Mykhailo Podolyak said attacking Moscow made no sense for Ukraine but would help Russia justify its own attacks on civilian targets.

On Wednesday Russian strikes on Ukraine's southern Kherson region killed 21 people. Mr Zelensky said the shelling had hit "a railway station and a crossing, a house, a hardware store, a grocery supermarket and a gas station". The victims included supermarket customers and employees of an energy company who were performing repairs, officials said.

Mr Podolyak added that any drones flying over locations in Russia were down to "guerrilla activities of local resistance forces".

"Something is happening in RF [Russian Federation], but definitely without Ukraine's drones over the Kremlin," Mr Podolyak said.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said he could not validate Russia's accusation that Ukraine had tried to kill Mr Putin, but said he would take anything the Russian presidency said with a "very large shaker of salt".

Mick Mulroy, a former US deputy assistant secretary of defence and CIA officer, told the BBC that if reports of the incident were accurate, it was "unlikely" to be an assassination attempt as Ukraine tracks President Putin's movements closely and he was not in Moscow at the time.

"This may have been to show the Russian people that they can be hit anywhere and that the war they started in Ukraine may eventually come home to Russia, even the capital," he said.

Alternatively, if the reports were not accurate, "Russia may be fabricating this to use as a pretext to target President Zelensky - something they have tried to in the past", Mr Mulroy said.

Russia also noted the alleged drone incident had come shortly before Russia's 9 May Victory Day parade in Moscow, which foreign dignitaries were expected to attend.

The parade will go ahead as planned, Russian officials said.

Moscow's mayor on Wednesday announced a ban on unauthorised drone flights over the city.

Several Russian cities had already announced they would scale back this year's Victory Day celebrations.

Russian authorities have cited security reasons and attacks from pro-Ukrainian forces for the changes. Explosions and fires have occurred in Russia in recent weeks.

That brings our coverage of today's Prime Minister's Questions to a close.

It was Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden's first PMQs, standing in for Rishi Sunak. He faced a grilling from Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner - and certainly there were plenty of barbs exchanged in both directions.

Rayner welcomed "yet another deputy PM" and said the Tories were "preparing for opposition" - while Dowden referred to Rayner and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer as the "Phil and Holly of British politics"- referring to reports of a rift between Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby of ITV's This Morning.

There were also meaty clashes on topics including hospital waiting lists and child poverty - with Rayner accusing the Conservatives of "lurching from crisis to crisis" while Dowden said the government was making "good progress" on reducing the lists and that he was proud of his party's record on tackling poverty.

Want to read more? Our report on PMQs is here.

Today's coverage was written by Aoife Walsh, Malu Cursino, Jack Burgess, Richard Morris, Alys Davies, Gem O'Reilly and Emaan Warraich.

It was edited by Owen Amos, Heather Sharp and Alex Therrien.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "We're not living anymore, we're just existing" - Arthur's Seat murder victim's mother

The mother of a woman murdered by her husband who pushed her off a hill says he was "evil, jealous and insecure".

Fawziyah Javed died after she was pushed from Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh by Kashif Anwar in 2021.

In her first TV interview, Fawziyah's mother Yasmin Javed told BBC Newsnight she believes Anwar did not like his wife being independent.

In a recording Fawziyah secretly made, her husband told her to stop behaving like a British woman.

Fawziyah's mother said Anwar resented the 31-year-old solicitor being an independent, well-educated young woman.

"He didn't like the fact that Fawzi had her own voice, her own opinions. He didn't like that," she said.

Fawziyah Javed died after she was pushed off Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh by Kashif Anwar in 2021

Fawziyah Javed, from Leeds, married Anwar, an optical assistant, in an Islamic ceremony on 25 December 2020.

Three months after their wedding Anwar knocked Fawziyah unconscious in a cemetery, the court case into her death was told.

At around the same time, he put a pillow over her face and punched her in the head.

The court also heard Anwar withdrew £12,000 from her bank account while she was sleeping.

Fawziyah's mother Yasmin said she had encouraged her daughter to leave Anwar but she said Fawziyah was biding her time and said she knew what she was doing.

"She had contacted divorce lawyers to get the ball rolling to get a divorce because he always said, 'I'm never going to divorce you'.

"And she'd also made voice recordings of him where he's being threatening and abusive towards her. So obviously that was all evidence of how he was treating her."

In one voice recording Fawziyah is heard saying: "You've ruined my life."

Anwar replies: "I'll tell you one thing. You end this and I will ruin yours."

Kashif Anwar was jailed for a minimum of 20 years for killing his pregnant wife

In another recording Anwar is heard telling his wife: "Who do you think you are? You're not a man … so come back tomorrow like you've been told."

Anwar replies: "My problem? Don't challenge me, do not be that British woman.

"Because I'm telling you, it will not work. I promise it will not work. It won't work with me."

Fawziyah went to the police twice so that there was a record of Anwar's behaviour, although she didn't want them to intervene at that point.

The second police report was made just days before Anwar killed her, on a weekend away to Edinburgh in September 2021.

The couple were captured on CCTV heading to the Edinburgh landmark Arthur's seat.

After falling 50ft off a cliff edge, Fawziyah was able to tell passers-by what had happened, before she died.

Fawziyah Javed had been married for eight months

In April this year, Anwar was jailed for a minimum of 20 years for murdering his wife, who was 17 weeks pregnant, and causing the death of her unborn child.

Fawziyah's mother said she cannot forget her daughter's last words: "'Am I going to die? Is my baby going to die?'"

"The words go round around my head every single day," Ms Javed said.

"Alongside the grief and pain, I can't get them words out of my mind."

Ms Javed told Newsnight she did not feel like the family got justice and Anwar is still exerting his control even though he's in prison.

"I still don't have all of Fawziyah's possessions back," she said. "The possessions that I have got back. I've had to fight tooth and nail to get them.

"And his parents are honouring that control, by not giving all her possessions back to us."

The court previously heard a recording of Anwar telling his wife: "Anything that's here that you're probably going to say it belongs to you. You're not taking anything from here.

"It's all going to stay here, that's my possessions because it's my house."

The parents of Kashif Anwar told BBC Newsnight that they had returned all of Fawziyah's possessions to the police and to her family.

Ms Javed believes Anwar's motives for murdering her daughter stemmed from honour-based control, jealousy, and insecurity.

Fawziyah Javed died after falling on Arthur's Seat. Arrows show from where she was pushed and where she landed

Honour-based abuse is a crime or incident committed to protect or defend the 'honour' of a family or community.

"He used to say to Fawziyah, we don't have divorces in our family, we don't divorce, we stay in marriages no matter what," she told BBC Newsnight.

Police Scotland, who carried out the investigation into Fawziyah's murder, said they did not identify any honour-based abuse, adding that domestic abuse and coercive control were the main factors in the case.

But charity Karma Nirvana, who are supporting Yasmin - including prior to Fawziyah's death - said they recognised honour abuse as part of Fawziayah's experience.

Baroness Shaista Gohir, chair of Muslim Women Network UK (MWNUK), said there can be additional barriers faced by some South Asian women when leaving abusive relationships.

Pointing to how religious divorces can be used as tools of control, she highlighted the need for increased awareness and support for victims in these communities.

Baroness Gohir said as a member and volunteer at MWNUK, Fawziyah was an intelligent and educated woman who knew her rights, "yet she still ended up dead".

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.
• None Man murdered wife by pushing her off Arthur's Seat

Oil prices have surged after several of the world's largest exporters announced surprise cuts in production.

The price of Brent crude oil is trading close to $85 a barrel after jumping by almost 6%.

Economists warned that higher oil prices could make it harder to bring down the cost of living.

But the RAC motoring group said it does not expect petrol prices to rise unless the higher oil price is sustained over several days.

Brent crude prices rose after Saudi Arabia, Iraq and several Gulf states said on Sunday they were cutting output by more than one million barrels of oil a day.

In addition, Russia said it will extend its cut of half a million barrels per day until the end of the year.

Energy giants BP and Shell saw their share prices rise on Monday, with both rising more than 4%.

Oil prices soared when Russia invaded Ukraine, but are now back at levels seen before the conflict began.

However, the US has been calling for producers to increase output in order to push energy prices lower. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council said: "We don't think cuts are advisable at this moment given market uncertainty - and we've made that clear."

High energy and fuel prices have helped to drive up inflation - the rate at which prices rise - putting pressure on many households' finances.

Yael Selfin, chief economist at KPMG, warned that the oil price surge could make the battle to bring down inflation harder.

However, she said that rising oil prices won't necessarily lead to higher household energy bills.

"The energy price cap, that households benefit from, has already been determined using earlier market expectations," she said. "Plus, when you look at energy use in households, it tends to be more gas-heavy rather than oil."

There have also been fears that there could be an impact on transport costs, if fuel prices rise.

The RAC said it does not expect this to happen in the short-term.

"Any sudden increase in the cost of oil shouldn't result in a rise in the UK average price of petrol for a fortnight, unless of course the barrel price stays higher for several days," RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams told the BBC.

The reduction in output is being made by members of the Opec+ oil producers. The group accounts for about 40% of all the world's crude oil output.

Saudi Arabia is reducing output by 500,000 barrels per day and Iraq by 211,000. The UAE, Kuwait, Algeria and Oman are also making cuts.

A Saudi energy ministry official said the move was "a precautionary measure aimed at supporting the stability of the oil market", the official Saudi Press Agency said.

Nathan Piper, an independent oil analyst, told the BBC the move by Opec+ appeared to be an attempt to keep the oil price above $80 a barrel in the medium term, given that demand could be hit by a weakening global economy and sanctions have had a "limited impact" on restricting Russian oil supplies.

This surprise announcement is significant for several reasons.

Despite price fluctuations in recent months, there were concerns that global demand for oil would outstrip supply, especially towards the end of the year. The increase in oil prices following Sunday's announcement could potentially put more pressure on inflation - worsening the cost-of-living crisis and raising the risk of recession.

Interestingly, this announcement came just a day before the Opec+ meeting. There were indications from members that they would stick to the same production policy, meaning there would be no fresh cuts, which is why it has come as a huge surprise.

The development will also likely further strain ties between the US and Saudi Arabia-led Opec+. The White House had called on the group to increase supplies to cool down prices and check Russian finances.

However, Sunday's announcement also underlines the close cooperation between oil-producing countries and Russia.

The latest reductions come on top of a cut announced by Opec+ in October last year of two million barrels per day (bpd).

However, last year's cut came despite calls from the US and other countries for oil producers to pump more crude.

When the Opec+ group announced its production cuts in October, US President Joe Biden said he was "disappointed by the short-sighted decision".

Father-of-four Pat McCormick was described as a gentle man who was the victim of a brutal and sustained assault

A man who murdered a County Down father of four, disposed of his body in a wheelie bin and dumped it in a lake must serve at least 16 years in prison before being considered for release.

Pat McCormick's body was discovered near Ballygowan six weeks after he was last seen on CCTV in Comber.

David Gill, 30, of no fixed abode, was sentenced on Thursday after admitting the murder of the 55-year-old.

Five people were sentenced in connection with Mr McCormick's murder.

Speaking to media gathered outside the court in Belfast afterwards, Mr McCormick's 18-year-old daughter Morgan paid tribute to her dad.

"We've been stripped of our father," she said.

"My dad will never get to see any of us grow up or get married. He'll never get to hold his future grandkids.

"We leave here today with memories of our dad who has been taken from us. However those memories are filled with love and happiness, and they're memories that we'll all hold on to forever."

Mr McCormick was lured to a flat in Comber on the evening of 30 May 2019.

The 55-year-old believed he was going to meet Gill's fiancée Lesley Ann Dodds, with whom he had had a brief relationship.

Dodds, 25, from Queen Victoria Gardens in Belfast, was sentenced to five-and-a-half years after admitting manslaughter, with half of that term to be served in prison.

Mr McCormick had received messages from Dodds' Facebook account, saying she had left Gill and asking him to come to her flat.

Instead, when Mr McCormick arrived, only Gill was at the flat.

The judge at Belfast Crown Court said Mr McCormick had been the victim of a "brutal and sustained assault".

The court heard his cause of death was 24 rib fractures due to blunt force trauma.

Mr McCormick was described in court as being "devoted to his family, thoughtful, gentle and caring".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Daughter speaks of loss after father's murderer is jailed

Three other men admitted withholding information in relation to Mr McCormick's murder.

William Gill, 43, from Terrace View in Waringstown, who is Dodds' brother, was sentenced to one year in prison, suspended for two years.

The other men - Andrew Leslie, 24, from Mourne Crescent in Moneyrea, and Jonathon Richard Leslie Montgomery, 24, from Castle Espie Road, Comber - were sentenced to 15 months, suspended for two years.

Addressing the three men, the judge said their actions had left "a stain on your character in this gruesome and sorry affair".

Morgan McCormick said "no amount of jail time will ever bring our dad back" but said today is "the start of justice for me, my brothers, my sister, my mum, my dad's friends and family".

Speaking after the sentences were issued, Det Insp Jennifer Rea said her thoughts were with Mr McCormick's family.

"Those weeks of waiting, wondering and hoping were a torturous and prolonged nightmare for a loving family and, of course, their sadness doesn't end today," she said.

"It's over four years on now and their heartache understandably remains."

Ms Rea said Gill and Dodds had been held accountable for their actions "that were planned, cowardly and irreversible".

The senior officer thanked members of the public in Comber and nearby areas for their support during the murder investigation.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Vladimir Putin has vowed to retaliate following a "terrorist" attack on the bridge linking Crimea to Russia.

Moscow has blamed Ukraine for the incident - which left two people dead - but Kyiv has not officially said it was responsible.

The Kerch bridge was opened in 2018 and enables road and rail travel between Russia and Crimea - Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia in 2014.

Russia's transport ministry said the bridge's supports were not damaged.

The ministry said investigations were continuing, but unconfirmed reports said explosions were heard early on Monday.

Russian authorities have accused Ukraine of attacking the Kerch bridge with two "unmanned surface vessels" (USVs) - drones that travel over water rather than through the air.

As yet, the BBC not seen any visual evidence to confirm this.

But a source in Ukraine's security service told BBC Russian it was behind the attack and that water-based drones were used.

In televised comments on Monday evening, the Russian president accused Ukraine of launching the "senseless" and "cruel" attack.

The attack on the bridge has damaged the road it carries but the railway line running parallel to it has not been damaged.

The bridge is an important resupply route for Russian forces occupying parts of southern Ukraine.

Appearing on television with Mr Putin, Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin said the bridge would be completely repaired by 1 November, while road traffic would resume in one direction from 15 September.

Monday's incident created long traffic jams on the remaining road route out of Crimea and severe train delays on the railway were reported. The ferry crossing that runs parallel to the bridge was also affected.

Russian officials urged holidaymakers stranded in Crimea to drive home through areas of southern Ukraine occupied by Russia since its army invaded last year. The officials said they would reduce curfew hours to let tourists through and that the army would keep the route "safe".

Commercial flights between Russia and Crimea - a popular holiday destination for Russians since 2014 - have been suspended since Moscow's invasion.

Vyacheslav Gladkov, governor of the western Russian region of Belgorod which is close to Russia's border with Ukraine, said in a Telegram statement that a Russian couple had died in Monday's incident. He added that their 14-year-old daughter had been injured.

Unverified photos posted by the spokesperson for Ukraine's military administration in the Odesa region showed debris on the road across the bridge, as well as damaged railings.

Defence analyst Stuart Crawford told the BBC he believed that drones had been used to attack the bridge.

He also said details around what happened would likely remain unclear as neither side would want to release much information.

Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova accused Ukraine of attacking the Kerch bridge with the "direct participation" of the UK and the US, but provided no evidence to back up the assertions.

Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said there was no connection between the incident and Russia's decision to suspend its participation in a deal allowing Ukraine to ship out grain through the Black Sea.

The alleged attack is the second major incident on the Kerch bridge in the past year.

In October 2022, the bridge was partially closed following a huge explosion. It was fully reopened in February.

Even now, the exact cause of the explosion last October remains unclear. Footage from the time showed a huge fireball erupting as a number of cars and lorries made their way across the bridge.

The latest incident comes amid a much-anticipated counter-offensive by Ukrainian forces which aims to retake territory in southern and eastern Ukraine.

Ukraine's forces have retaken 18 sq km (7 sq miles) over the past week in their fightback, Ukraine's deputy defence minister Hanna Maliar said on messaging app Telegram.

The recent gains take the total area of reclaimed land to 210 sq km (81 sq miles) since the counter-offensive began.

"It's hard to hear the criticisms… undoubtedly, we don't always hear well," says the Bishop of Birkenhead

A support scheme set up for Church of England abuse survivors risks re-traumatising victims, a report seen by the BBC has concluded.

One man's dealings with the scheme left him suicidal, says the report by the Church's Independent Safeguarding Board (ISB).

Other survivors told the BBC they have been treated with contempt.

The Church's lead on abuse engagement has apologised to victims who have had a "poor experience".

The Bishop of Birkenhead, Julie Conalty says "others have had positive experiences".

The Interim Support Scheme (ISS) was set up in August 2020 to support victims of abuse who are in urgent need of financial help.

Two months later, a landmark inquiry into child abuse within the Church of England concluded that compensation should be paid to victims and survivors. A full compensation scheme is yet to be created.

To use the ISS, a person must provide evidence that they are a survivor of Church abuse and in need of financial help. But some victims have told the BBC they have found it difficult, because they don't want to have to re-engage with the Church.

The Bishop of Birkenhead has told the BBC that the Church is "trying to get it right".

"It's hard to hear the criticisms… Undoubtedly, we don't always hear well," she said.

The Church says it has paid out £1.4m to 68 survivors.

When contacted by the BBC it said it did not want to comment specifically on the ISB report or the cases of any individuals accessing the scheme.

In its report, the safeguarding board looked at the experience of one individual - referred to as "Mr X" - who become suicidal as a result of the way his requests for support were handled by the scheme.

Mr X was abused as a child by individuals in the Church of England and this led to "substantial health and financial impacts", the report says.

It said the support scheme appeared to have been "set up in haste, underthought and under-resourced".

The Church "failed to grasp that a longer term, co-ordinated, intervention was required to help Mr X get back on his feet."

The authors warn of a lack of "effective central grip or oversight" and that if survivors' needs were not properly managed it could result in "repeated re-traumatisation".

Sophie Whiting says she had her support payments stopped without notice or explanation

Trying to get help from the scheme has taken its toll on other victims the BBC has spoken to.

"It's regular engagement. It's hundreds and hundreds of hours of work and time and effort," says Sophie Whiting, 55, who was abused by a member of the clergy as a child.

She says after a year of financial support, her payments were stopped with no explanation and there isn't a person she can contact for help.

"All I was met with was closed doors and passed from pillar to post," says Ms Whiting.

"I've written to numerous people within the Church of England to protest, because they had agreed that I was in financial need, and because I am now in greater financial need.

"I'm sick of having these kinds of conversations, and all this drama and trauma and upset and having my friends and family knowing about it."

Abuse victim Teresa Cooper was threatened with possible legal action

Teresa Cooper, 55, was sent a letter by a church administrator which threatened her with possible legal action in December last year, after she had posted about her bad experiences of the scheme on social media.

"I ended up in hospital about three weeks later, I was so distressed," she says.

She says it takes a long time to get support from the scheme and some payments have been revoked with no explanation.

Her applications for help with an electric wheelchair were rejected, along with one to cover a carer's allowance.

Ms Cooper was abused in a Church of England-run residential home in Gravesend, Kent. Medical reviews have found that her health has been permanently damaged by drugs she was given there.

"This medical condition was forced on me through no fault of my own. The least they could have done was look after me," Ms Cooper says. "They are supposed to be Christians, they are supposed to be caring."

The Church recently apologised for having criticised abuse survivors for "horrific abuse and bullying" towards Church staff.

Bishop Conalty has told the BBC it was a misjudgement that had served as a distraction from the "main issue".

"I think survivors understandably felt that through the comments that were made that the blame was being placed on them."

Bishop Conalty said she was unable to comment on individual cases. She admitted to the difficulties of survivors having to prove to the Church that they need help, but said it could not be avoided.

"As a scheme that's set up in order to meet need, there has to be some evidence of the need, and some evidence of how the money is spent," she says.

The survivors the BBC have spoken to have said they are desperate to have their final compensation claims settled, so they no longer have to deal with the Church of England.

Boris Johnson has submitted a last-ditch letter to the MPs investigating whether he misled Parliament over lockdown parties, as they prepare to publish their findings.

The privileges committee said it was "dealing with" submissions received from the former PM at 23:57 on Monday.

The committee is set to publish its conclusions this week, but is unlikely to do so on Wednesday, as expected.

Mr Johnson quit as an MP last week after seeing the committee's report.

In a statement, Mr Johnson said the committee should "publish their report and let the world judge their nonsense", adding "they have no excuse for delay".

"I have made my views clear to the committee in writing - and will do so more widely when they finally publish," he said.

Under the published process, Mr Johnson was entitled to respond to the committee up to 14 days after receiving its draft findings, which were sent last week.

The committee said it would deal with the new developments and "report promptly".

Last week, the former prime minister branded the committee a "kangaroo court" whose purpose "has been to find me guilty, regardless of the facts".

Mr Johnson accused the committee of mounting a "witch hunt" against him, and its chairwoman, Labour's Harriet Harman, of showing "egregious bias".

The committee said it had "followed the procedures" at all times and accused Mr Johnson of impugning "the integrity of the House by his statement".

For almost a year, the seven-person committee - a majority of whom are Conservatives - have been considering whether Mr Johnson misled MPs about Covid-19 breaches in Downing Street and what he knew about them.

Giving evidence in March, Mr Johnson admitted misleading Parliament, but denied doing it on purpose.

He said social distancing had not been "perfect" at gatherings in Downing Street during Covid lockdowns, but insisted the guidelines, as he understood them, were followed at all times.

The Partygate scandal dogged Mr Johnson's premiership, with police fining him for breaking Covid rules in 2020 - making him the UK's first serving prime minister to be sanctioned for breaking the law.

Mr Johnson's resignation as an MP, which has triggered a by-election in his marginal constituency of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, came last Friday.

Mr Johnson said the draft report he had seen was "riddled with inaccuracies and reeks of prejudice", adding it was clear the committee was "determined to use the proceedings against me to drive me out of Parliament".

"They have still not produced a shred of evidence that I knowingly or recklessly misled the Commons," he said, insisting "I did not lie".

The King and his son and grandson were pictured on Coronation day in Buckingham Palace

The latest official Coronation photograph released by Buckingham Palace sends a strong message about the monarchy's next generations.

King Charles III is shown with his son Prince William and grandson Prince George, bringing together the King with those next in the line of succession.

The picture, taken in the palace Throne Room, is part of a set of official photographs taken by Hugo Burnand.

The King is seen wearing the Imperial State Crown and coronation robes.

In these formal portraits, he is pictured carrying the regalia from the Coronation - an orb and sceptre - while sitting in a throne made for the Coronation of Edward VII.

It is an image full of lavish symbolism and regal colours of gold, red and purple.

A second newly released photograph shows King Charles and Queen Camilla with their pages of honour and ladies in attendance.

It shows some of the members of the Queen's family who had roles in last Saturday's Coronation, including her sister Annabel Elliot, her grandsons Freddy Parker Bowles and Gus and Louis Lopes, as well as her great-nephew Arthur Elliot.

In a modern development, the Prince and Princess of Wales have released a YouTube video giving some candid shots of their preparations for the Coronation.

The short clip includes shots of Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis as they get ready to leave home for their grandfather's big day.

The photo of the Royal Family includes the Queen's sister and grandsons

The first set of official Coronation photos showed the King and Queen, but also focused on the "working royals", highlighting those who will be at the centre of royal duties during the King's reign.

There are expected to be more official photographs released as part of a Cabinet Office initiative to provide public buildings with a photographic portrait of the King.

Anti-monarchy campaigners have complained about the budget of £8m for the project, calling it a "shameful waste", with no details released so far of how the funds might be spent.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Nestle is being urged to cut the proportion of unhealthy food it sells and "play its part" for global health.

Investment charity ShareAction said 40% of Nestle's sales of everyday foods in the UK were high in salt, sugar or fat.

Nestle said its reporting on the healthiness of its global sales was a world first and pledged to set a target for healthier sales later this year.

But ShareAction said it also wanted Nestle to reduce the amount of unhealthier foods it sells.

Nestle is the world's biggest food company and owns brands like KitKat and Shreddies.

In April, it launched a new KitKat breakfast cereal in supermarkets across the UK. It contains 7.4g of sugar per 30g serving. This is higher than the recommended average refined sugar intake per meal for adults.

Nestle said KitKat cereal was designed to be enjoyed as an "occasional, indulgent" breakfast option.

ShareAction, a responsible investment non-governmental organisation, has co-ordinated calls from some 26 investors - who have more than £2.64 trillion in assets.

It comes ahead of Nestle's annual shareholders' meeting on Thursday.

Simon Rawson, deputy chief executive of ShareAction, said: "Nestle has said it wants to sell healthier food, but it hasn't given assurances that it will also address its less healthy food sales, which is essential to turn the tide against the harmful effects of diet-related ill health."

He added that the Swiss food giant needed to "rebalance" its sales to bring balanced diets "within reach for people around the world".

A spokesperson for Nestle said it had set a new standard in corporate transparency in March.

"We are the first company to report on the nutritional value of our entire global portfolio against a single externally recognised, nutrient profiling scheme," they added in a statement.

Mr Rawson said recent research from the World Obesity Federation showed more than half of the world's population would be overweight or obese by 2035, unless "serious and immediate" action was taken.

ShareAction has written to the boards of various food firms including Kellogg's, Danone and Kraft Heinz, calling for more transparency and for nutrition targets to be set.

Nestle, which also manufactures Buxton mineral water and Nescafe coffee, said in February it was taking a "massive" hit to its profits as the price of food ingredients reached record highs.

Soaring food prices led to inflation falling by less than expected in March.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Top seed Carlos Alcaraz underlined his status as the man likeliest to stop Novak Djokovic winning another Wimbledon after beating 2021 finalist Matteo Berrettini in the fourth round.

The 20-year-old Spaniard fought back to win 3-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 and reach the SW19 quarter-finals for the first time.

Alcaraz will next face Denmark's Holger Rune, who won 3-6 7-6 (8-6) 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 against Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov.

Djokovic, 36, remains the man to beat after his victory over Hubert Hurkacz.

The Serb second seed, who cannot meet Alcaraz until the final, is aiming for a fifth successive Wimbledon title which would also see him equal Roger Federer's record of eight men's singles victories.
• None Djokovic wins but made to feel 'miserable' by Hurkacz's serve
• None Eubanks 'living the dream' as grass becomes 'best friend'

Alcaraz has emerged as the main challenger to Djokovic's recent dominance at the All England Club.

Having grown up on clay courts in Murcia, grass is the Spaniard's least natural surface and how quickly he has successfully adapted his game is a mark of his considerable talent.

He warmed up for Wimbledon by winning the title at Queen's in only the third grass-court event of his professional career.

The success served to increase his expectations of lifting another trophy in London this month - and so will passing his biggest test so far.

Berrettini is still one of the biggest threats on grass, even though he has been hampered by a recurring abdominal injury this year.

That menace was shown in a first set where he fought off three break points before taking Alcaraz's serve for a 5-3 lead and serving out the opener.

"I knew it was going to be really tough - Matteo is a great player," said Alcaraz.

"It is not easy to come back after losing the first set, but I knew I would have my chances.

"I had to stay focused, that's something I am working on, to not lose my mind."

Alcaraz's speed and athleticism meant he was able to soak up the Italian's huge serves and groundstrokes, turning defence into attack with his own power from the baseline.

A single break of serve was enough to secure the second set before Alcaraz ramped up the intensity in the third.

The US Open champion broke to move 3-1 ahead and, as a result, the pressure forced Berrettini into more errors as he looked to blast his way back into the match.

With his second serve also under scrutiny, Berrettini lost serve again to hand over the set and it led to him pleading with umpire John Blom for the roof to be closed because of fading light.

The Italian said his game was "suffering" with the increasing darkness and there was a short break as the match moved indoors under the lights.

Both players comfortably held serve in the opening seven games, until Alcaraz pounced to break and serve out the match in the following game.

Now he faces Rune - another 20-year-old who he has known since they played junior tournaments as 12-year-olds - in the first Wimbledon men's quarter-final between two players under the age of 21.

Asked about his reaction to reaching the last eight, Alcaraz said: "It is something I really wanted.

"I came in with that goal to get into the quarter-finals. Now I'm looking for more.

"It is my dream to win this title one day. I hope to reach that dream this year."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Hamdan Aslam had a pre-existing heart condition that had never been detected

A 14-year-old who collapsed in the grounds of a West Lothian school died from natural causes, police have confirmed.

Schoolboy Hamdan Aslam died in hospital after becoming unwell at St Kentigern's Academy in Blackburn on Tuesday.

His family said Hamdan, from Harthill, had a pre-existing heart condition that had never been detected.

They said his death could have happened at any time and no-one was to blame for the death of their "beautiful boy".

"We want to assure Hamdan's friends and our community that this was an entirely natural death and could not have been predicted," the family said in a statement released by their lawyer Aamer Anwar.

They added: "There is no one to blame for his loss, it was God's will."

Emergency services were called to the school when the S3 pupil collapsed on the school grounds during a lunch break. He was taken to hospital but died shortly afterwards.

A post-mortem examination carried out on Thursday confirmed that Hamdan died from natural causes, Police Scotland said.

There had been widespread rumour and speculation online and in newspapers about the cause of his death.

Hamdan's family urged people to put a stop to the rumours which they said were compounding their grief.

They said: "We know that Hamdan's loss is being deeply felt by his friends and teachers and we would urge those who have engaged in rumours on social media to stop. It is untruthful and compounding our grief.

"Please take down the posts, the running commentary is unhelpful to the children, teachers and our family who have been left deeply traumatised and devastated.

"We know that Hamdan's teachers and friends did everything possible to save his life and for that our family will forever be grateful to them."

As with any sudden death, a report has been sent to the procurator fiscal.

Police Scotland Ch Insp Jocelyn O'Connor said: "This has been a tragic incident which has deeply affected everyone at the school. Our thoughts remain with Hamdan's family and friends at this very difficult time and we are providing our support to them.

"They have requested privacy and I would ask their wishes are respected."

Flowers and notes addressed to Hamdan were left by fellow pupils outside the school

Head teacher Andrew Sharkey said the school community had been devastated by the death of a "bright and diligent young man".

"Hamdan was an exemplary student and he will be hugely missed by the St Kentigern's community," he said.

"He was very friendly, popular with his classmates and he had a close group of friends. He was always polite and well-mannered in class and popular with his teachers. Hamdan was kind and thoughtful in all he did and he was always happy, with a beautiful smile."

He added: "Our thoughts and prayers remain with his family and friends at this incredibly difficult time."

The school - where singers Lewis Capaldi and Susan Boyle are former pupils - has remained open this week and pupils have been offered support.

Local people and pupils left floral tributes and messages outside the school building on Thursday.

On Thursday First Minister Humza Yousaf responded to a question about the tragedy during First Minister's Questions at Holyrood on Thursday, calling for an end to rumour and speculation around the incident.

He said: "This is the worst tragedy. Anybody who is a parent will know there cannot be a worse fear or nightmare that a parent has than losing a child."

Bathgate Mosque also paid tribute to Hamdan, saying that his death had "left the community devastated".

A new plan to move Afghan refugees out of hotels and into permanent homes in the UK has been announced.

Afghans in "bridging hotels" will be written to and given at least three months' notice to move, Veterans Minister Johnny Mercer said.

Labour said the government was "serving eviction notices" with no guarantee of suitable housing for families.

Mr Mercer said new people arriving from Afghanistan under government schemes would not be housed in hotels.

Speaking in the Commons, he said the new plan meant Afghan refugees living in hotels who turn down an offer of housing would not receive a second offer.

The new plan applies to Afghans who have arrived in the UK under two resettlement schemes: the Afghan Citizens Resettlement Scheme (ACRS), which focuses on women, children and religious minorities, and the Afghan Relocations and Assistance Policy (ARAP), for Afghans who worked for the British military and UK government.

In August 2021, thousands of people fled Afghanistan after the Taliban took back control of the country. Many refugees have since been living in hotels across the UK.

Mr Mercer said the thousands of people who left Afghanistan were housed in "bridging hotels" which were never meant to be permanent.

He added that of the 24,500 people now living in the UK under the two resettlement schemes, about 8,000 remained in hotels, with about half of those being children - costing £1m a day.

The government says that Afghans make up a fifth of all people living in bridging hotels.

Mr Mercer said the long-term residency in hotels has "prevented some Afghans" from putting down roots, committing to employment and integrating into communities, as well as creating uncertainty.

But campaigners said the new policy would cause anxiety and upheaval for refugees who had already experienced trauma, and could leave Afghans at risk of becoming homeless.

After its withdrawal from Afghanistan, the UK pledged to resettle up to 20,000 more vulnerable Afghans under the ACRS.

The government will begin writing to families and individuals housed in hotels at the end of April, giving them "at least three months' notice" before they are forced out, Mr Mercer told the Commons.

He promised "generous" support, with trained staff based at hotels to provide advice - including Home Office staff and charity workers.

The veterans minister said £35m of funding would help councils provide increased support and the local authority housing fund would be expanded by £250m.

The increased fund for local authorities will help councils to source homes for Afghan refugees currently in hotels, the government says.

Mr Mercer noted there was a "national duty" owed to Afghan refugees who helped British forces during the war.

He added that "in return, we do expect families to help themselves" and where an offer of accommodation was turned down, "another will now not be forthcoming".

He said: "At a time when there are many pressures on the taxpayer and the housing market, it is not right that people can choose to stay in hotels when other perfectly suitable accommodation is available."

Veterans Minister Johnny Mercer announced the plan in the Commons

Enver Solomon from the Refugee Council said the government's plan risked people being left "homeless and destitute on the streets of Britain".

He said: "This is not how those who were promised a warm welcome in the UK should be treated."

Government plans to resettle Afghans who had worked with the UK during the war were initially named Operation Warm Welcome.

Mr Solomon added: "To expect councils to suddenly move them out of hotels by putting pressure on Afghan families risks causing great misery and anxiety for those who have already experienced trauma and upheaval."

Labour called on the government to ensure no Afghans would be left homeless.

Shadow defence secretary John Healey accused the government of "serving eviction notices on 8,000 Afghans - half of whom are children - with no guarantee they will be offered a suitable, settled place to live".

He said: "Never mind 'Operation Warm Welcome', never mind the warm words from the minister today. He has confirmed the government is giving them the cold shoulder."

Liberal Democrat Home Affairs spokesperson Alistair Carmichael the public would "have no faith in this initiative".

"They have proven time and time again they cannot treat refugees, including women and young children, with the respect they deserve."

Lib Dem MP Munira Wilson said the government's promise of help for those who remained in danger in Afghanistan was "utterly hollow".

She said she had repeatedly raised the case of five British children who were still "living in hiding" in Kabul and had been "abandoned" by the government.

The Local Government Association (LGA) said councils would need extra resources to help find and fund the accommodation or there would be a risk of a further increase in homelessness.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

On Friday, in the dead of night at the heart of the Colombian jungle, army radios crackled to life with the message the nation had been praying for: "Miracle, miracle, miracle, miracle."

The military code revealed that four children missing in the jungle for 40 days had all been found - alive.

The youngsters, all members of the indigenous Huitoto people, had been missing since the light plane they were travelling in crashed into the Amazon in the early hours of 1 May.

The tragedy killed their mother and left the children - aged 13, nine, four and one - stranded alone in an area teeming with snakes, jaguars and mosquitos.

Rescuers initially feared the worst, but footprints, partially eaten wild fruit and other clues soon gave them hope that the children might be alive after they left the crash site looking for help.

Over the next six weeks, the children battled the elements - and the odds - in what Colombia's President Gustavo Petro called "an example of total survival which will remain in history".

If there were ever children well-prepared to tackle such an ordeal, the Mucutuy family were the ones.

Huitoto people learn hunting, fishing and gathering from an early age, and their grandfather Fidencio Valencia told reporters that the eldest children, Lesly and Soleiny, were well acquainted with the jungle.

Speaking to Colombian media, the children's aunt, Damarys Mucutuy, said the family would regularly play a "survival game" together growing up.

"When we played, we set up like little camps," she recalled. Thirteen-year-old Lesly, she added, "knew what fruits she can't eat, because there are many poisonous fruits in the forest. And she knew how to take care of a baby".

Fidencio Valencia told reporters that the children had grown up learning to take care of themselves in the jungle

After the crash, Lesly built makeshift shelters from branches held together with her hair ties.

She also recovered fariña, a type of cassava flour, from the wreckage of the Cessna 206 plane they had been travelling in.

The children survived on the flour until it ran out and then they ate seeds, Edwin Paki, one of the indigenous leaders who took part in the search effort, told reporters.

"There's a fruit, similar to passion fruit, called avichure," he said. "They were looking for seeds to eat from an avichure tree about a kilometre and a half from the site of the plane crash."

The fruit from the avichure tree, also known as milk tree, is rich in sugar and its seeds can be chewed like chewing gum.

Henry Guerrero, one of the indigenous people who was part of the search team that finally located the children, said they had also been eating fruits from the Bacaba palm tree known locally as "milpesos", which are rich in oil and taste similar to avocados.

He said one of the young children had a seed from the tree in his mouth when they found him.

Astrid Cáceres, head of the Colombian Institute of Family Welfare, said the timing of their ordeal meant "the jungle was in harvest" and they could eat fruit that was in bloom.

But they still faced significant challenges surviving in the inhospitable environment.

Speaking to BBC Mundo on Saturday, indigenous expert Alex Rufino said the children were in "a very dark, very dense jungle, where the largest trees in the region are".

And while there are leaves with which the children could purify water, he warned that "others are poisonous".

"It is an area that has not been explored. The towns are small, and they are next to the river, not in the jungle," he added.

In addition to avoiding predators, the children also endured intense rainstorms and may have had to evade armed groups said to be active in the jungle.

But Mr Rufino noted that a 13-year-old raised in an indigenous community would already possess many of the skills needed to thrive in such an environment.

John Moreno, leader of the Guanano group in Vaupés, in the south-eastern part of Colombia where the children were brought up, said they had been "raised by their grandmother", a widely respected indigenous elder.

"They used what they learned in the community, relied on their ancestral knowledge in order to survive," he said.

As the search continued, officials in Bogota came under pressure over its slowness. President Petro faced criticism after his office falsely published a tweet saying the children had been found.

Authorities dropped 10,000 leaflets with survival tips written in Spanish and the indigenous Huitoto language, and helicopters blared messages from their grandmother from speakers to reassure the children they were being looked for.

But unbeknownst to the media, the army was coming increasingly close to finding the family. On several occasions rescue teams passed within 20 to 50 metres (66 to 164ft) of where the children were found, search commander Gen Pedro Sánchez said.

By the time the children were discovered, about 150 troops and 200 volunteers from local indigenous groups were involved in the operation, which was combing an area of more than 300 sq km (124 sq miles).

"This isn't a search for a needle in a haystack, it's a tiny flea in a vast carpet, because they keep moving," Gen Sanchez told reporters during the hunt.

But on Friday, after a month-long search, specialist rescue dogs found the children.

The first words from eldest daughter Lesly, who was holding the baby in her arms, was "I'm hungry," one of the rescuers told Colombia's RTVC. One of the boys, who had been lying down, got up and said: "My mum is dead."

It later emerged that the children's mother had survived in the jungle for four days after the plane crash. "Before she died, their mum told them something like, 'You guys get out of here'" said the children's father, Manuel Ranoque.

A video shared by Colombia's ministry of defence showed the children being lifted into a helicopter in the dark, above the tall trees. They have been flown to the nation's capital, Bogota, where ambulances have taken them to hospital for further medical treatment.

The children's family thanked the army for continuing their search despite the low odds of survival, and they urged the government to bring the children home as soon as possible.

"I never lost hope, I was always supporting the search. I feel very happy, I thank President Petro and my 'countrymen' who went through so many difficulties," their grandmother told state media.

President Petro also hailed the efforts of the army and the volunteers, praising "the meeting of knowledge: indigenous and military", adding that "this is the true path of peace".

But he reserved special praise for the children and their relationship with the environment.

"They are children of the jungle, and now they are also children of Colombia," he said.

While many in deeply Catholic Colombia have referred to the children's rescue as a "miracle", Mr Rufino, the indigenous expert, said the real story lay in their "spiritual connection with nature".

"The jungle is not only green, but there are ancient energies with which the populations relate, learn and help each other," he said.

"It is difficult to understand this, I know, but this is a good opportunity for society, human beings, to learn about the different worldviews that exist in the territories.

"The same mother, who became a spirit after the accident, protected them," he said. "And only now is she going to start resting."

Peter Murrell's home has been searched by police

Former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell has been released without charge by the police, pending further investigation into party finances.

Mr Murrell, 58, the husband of former first minister Nicola Sturgeon, was arrested on Wednesday morning.

He was questioned while police searched their Glasgow home and SNP headquarters as part of their investigation.

Ms Sturgeon said she had "no prior knowledge" of Police Scotland's plans. The force said inquiries were ongoing.

In a statement, Police Scotland said Mr Murrell was arrested at 07:45 and released shortly before 19:00.

"Officers also carried out searches today at a number of addresses as part of the investigation," the statement added.

"A report will be sent to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service."

Mr Murrell resigned as SNP chief executive last month, after holding the post since 1999.

He has been married to Ms Sturgeon since 2010.

Ms Sturgeon was inside the house when officers arrived to make the arrest

A spokesperson for the former first minister said she was not warned about Police Scotland's "action or intentions" before the arrest.

They added: "Ms Sturgeon will fully cooperate with Police Scotland if required, however at this time no such request has been made."

Ms Sturgeon was succeeded last week as Scotland's first minister by Humza Yousaf.

Following Mr Murrell's arrest Mr Yousaf said that it was "a difficult day" for the SNP. He said his party had "fully cooperated" with police and would continue to do so.

Officers were stationed outside Peter Murrell and Nicola Sturgeon's home on Wednesday evening

Police activity continued at the Glasgow home of Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon on Wednesday evening.

Ms Sturgeon had been inside the house when officers arrived to make the arrest.

The house was sealed off with blue and white tape. A tent was erected on the driveway with a van parked inside.

Officers could also be seen searching a small shed and storage box in the back garden.

In Edinburgh at least six marked police vehicles were parked outside SNP HQ and officers carrying green crates and other equipment were seen going inside.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police activity has been seen outside Peter Murrell and Nicola Sturgeon's home in Glasgow.

In July 2021 Police Scotland launched a formal investigation into the SNP's finances after receiving complaints about how donations were used.

Questions had been raised about funds given to the party for use in a fresh independence referendum campaign.

Seven people made complaints and a probe was set up following talks with prosecutors.

Ms Sturgeon had insisted at the time that she was "not concerned" about the party's finances.

She said "every penny" of cash raised in online crowdfunding campaigns would be spent on the independence drive.

According to a statement, the SNP raised a total of £666,953 through referendum-related appeals between 2017 and 2020. The party pledged to spend these funds on the independence campaign.

Questions were raised after its accounts showed it had just under £97,000 in the bank at the end of 2019, and total net assets of about £272,000.

Police officers carried boxes out of SNP headquarters following the search

Last year it emerged Mr Murrell gave a loan of more than £100,000 to the SNP to help it out with a "cash flow" issue after the last election.

The then SNP's chief executive loaned the party £107,620 in June 2021. The SNP had repaid about half of the money by October of that year.

At the time an SNP spokesman said the loan was a "personal contribution made by the chief executive to assist with cash flow after the Holyrood election".

He said it had been reported in the party's 2021 accounts, which were published by the Electoral Commission in August last year.

Weeks earlier, MP Douglas Chapman had resigned as party treasurer saying he had not been given the "financial information" to do the job.

Mr Murrell resigned last month after taking responsibility for misleading statements about a fall in party membership.

The number of members had fallen from the 104,000 it had two years ago to just over 72,000.

The release of Peter Murrell without charge isn't the end of this matter. Detectives will send the results of their long investigation to prosecutors who'll decide what happens next.

The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service will have to be satisfied that there's sufficient admissible evidence to justify a prosecution.

They'll consider whether there's enough to show a crime was committed and the suspect was responsible. They'll also take the public interest into account.

That can be influenced by the particular circumstances of the case - for example, whether the person involved was in a position of trust or authority.

If they feel that there's insufficient evidence, they can instruct the police to carry out further inquiries. And after that, if the Fiscal still isn't satisfied that there's enough to take it to court, the case would go no further.

Needless to say, all of this will take time.

Presenter Jon Kay said BBC Breakfast was "delighted to be championing 500 Words"

The children's writing competition 500 Words is to be relaunched by BBC One's Breakfast programme, three years after it was dropped from Radio 2.

First launched by Chris Evans on Radio 2's own breakfast show in 2011, the popular UK-wide contest continued with his successor Zoe Ball until 2020.

It will return in September, again backed by the Queen Consort Camilla.

The BBC's chief content officer, Charlotte Moore, said the corporation was "thrilled" to be bringing it back.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by BBC Breakfast This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

She added the scheme, also backed by Sir Lenny Henry, would "help discover a range of young authors with big imaginations".

"It is fantastic that the competition will be supported by the Queen Consort and we do hope teachers and librarians across the UK will get involved in this chance to help find the writers of tomorrow," Moore said on Thursday, marking World Book Day.

BBC Breakfast presenter Jon Kay added: "We are delighted to be championing 500 Words and look forward to the no doubt stellar entries from talented, aspiring young writers up and down the country that are sure to follow in due course."

Radio 2 breakfast host Zoe Ball with her predecessor Chris Evans and the Queen Consort Camilla, then Duchess of Cornwell, pictured at the 500 Words final in 2019

Comedian and actor Sir Lenny Henry is on this year's judging panel

Speaking on his Virgin Radio show in the summer of 2020, Evans said it was "a real shame" that his former employer had brought the creative, 500-word short story writing competition to a close.

Up until then, it had has received more than one million stories written by children, generating more than 440 million words; and at one stage brought keen reader Camilla to tears.

"There's no rules - they can sit down and write exactly what they like," she said in a recent conversation with current children's laureate Joseph Coelho.

Now that it is returning, the nation's teachers and librarians are being invited to join the 2023 judging panel alongside World Book Day ambassador Sir Lenny - who will also read a CBeebies Bedtime Story for the occasion.

Other judges include best-selling authors Frank Cottrell-Boyce, Francesca Simon, Charlie Higson and the former children's laureate Malorie Blackman.

Speaking to BBC Breakfast on Thursday, Higson, who wrote a series of five Young Bond novels, aimed at younger readers, said: "Have fun with it, there are no rules and what we really want is to see inside those kids' minds and get their personalities through the stories."

"And I think anyone judging it," he added, "is going to have huge fun seeing what stories these kids are telling".

The grand final, which will feature the 50 best entries from two different age categories - children aged five to seven, and eight to 11 - will take place one year from now, on World Book Day 2024.

Previous locations for the final have been Windsor Castle, Hampton Court and the Tower of London.

The winning stories will be read out by star names, with past narrators including Dua Lipa, Benedict Cumberbatch and Jodie Whittaker.

Author Benjamin Zephaniah has urged children considering taking part this time around not to be scared, and to just use their imaginations.

"If you can think of the wildest, craziest thing, that's fine," he said. "But I've also come across children who were a little bit nervous because they said, 'well, I don't want to do dragons and things like that' and I said, 'well, you can write about things that are serious too.'

"You know, if you've got a problem, if you're being bullied or you want to say something about the environment, you can write a story about that, too.

"When you're a writer, you've got so much subject matter, the world is your subject. So I would just say free your imagination, and just let your creativity go."

Elsewhere, Blue Peter's Amazing Authors Competition is giving young writers the chance to get their story brought to life by children's author and McFly member Tom Fletcher.

For more information on engaging with 500 Words visit BBC Teach.

Parents are scraping out dirty nappies and reusing them, a charity worker said

The stigma around hygiene poverty is holding people back for getting help, a charity that provides toiletries to 125 foodbanks, schools and refuges in Northern Ireland has said.

The Hygiene Bank has distributed over 62.6kg of nappies, sanitary items and other products throughout Northern Ireland since 2020.

Its coordinator says some parents are reusing dirty nappies for their babies, in a bid to save money.

Hilary Young, from Portglenone, County Antrim, said many people do not want to admit they need help but "when it comes to basic things particularly it's like a stigma, they feel ashamed they've had to do this".

"But more and more people are having to make that step," said Ms Young, who stores supplies for the charity in her garage.

Ms Young works with the Ballymena unit of the charity but said her work now included areas from Maghera and Magherafelt to Antrim and Ballyclare.

"We have had reports of if families haven't got nappies to change into a fresh nappy, they scrape the current nappy off, clean as much as they can, and put the nappy back on.

"It's hard to imagine having to do that, but sadly that's the case. Hard to imagine when you're not in that position, but sadly that's reality."

The charity worker said the need for personal items such as toilet roll and toothpaste is growing, with the charity opening another two bases in Northern Ireland in recent months.

"Initially we were blinded to the reality of the need out there," she continued.

"It used to be you'd have thought it was a far-off country, not your own country, or your own area. But no - it's very much on our doorsteps, sadly."

Hilary Young said things are getting worse for families in Northern Ireland

A family of five might only have one toothbrush to share around, and families weren't able to renew these every few months as would be advised, she said.

"I've been to Africa helping in an orphanage out there, and you expect it out there, but here you wouldn't imagine that to be the case. But sadly it is. And it's getting worse, unfortunately.

"A lot of the hygiene side of things hasn't been realised as much as it should be because it goes alongside needing food.

"We all need to eat, we need to wash, we need to do all those basic things, we need to keep warm especially when it's chilly mornings.

"The hygiene side of things is not talked about but it's very much real."

Heather Boyd, the centre manager at the Maghera Cross Community Link, which runs a foodbank that receives donations from The Hygiene Bank, said she worried for schoolchildren who are not being washed for school.

"If kids are going to school without being washed or clean clothes it causes all sorts of problems for them," she told BBC News NI.

"We have seen how important it is to be able to wash.

"We've had a food bank for around nine years, but people are finding it so much harder.

"We used to be focused on just feeding people, but now it's so much more, working families are coming to us and steadily a lot of new faces in the last month.

"Families are grateful for a hygiene bag - those are the items which shouldn't be a treat, a toothbrush, shower gel."

Antrim's Baby Bank could open for more than one day a week due to increasing demand, Sharon Caldwell said

Sharon Caldwell, the scheme organiser for the Baby Bank in Antrim which distributes essential supplies to families, said referrals had almost doubled in a year.

"People are not looking for luxuries, they're not looking for all the additional things, they are looking for the things we presume every child should have," she said.

Ms Caldwell said parents would often go without shampoo or shower gel in order to provide hygienic items for their babies.

"I wouldn't like to think what would happen if suddenly a place like ours did not exist," she said.

"People have gotten used to knowing that when they face a difficult week, when they are in crisis, if the worst comes to the worst, they know that their baby will have everything that they need."

You can hear Good Morning Ulster's interview with Hilary Young here.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: King Charles and Queen Camilla talk to well-wishers after attending an Easter service in Windsor

King Charles has greeted well-wishers in his first major public appearance since being diagnosed with cancer.

The King spoke to crowds and shook people's hands after the Easter Sunday service in Windsor, where he was accompanied by Queen Camilla.

The Prince and Princess of Wales did not attend, as Catherine continues her cancer treatment.

One man told the King to "keep going strong". Others said he "looked well" and seemed in "good spirits".

The King has continued some work since his diagnosis, but all engagements so far have taken place in private.

The 75-year-old King surprised waiting crowds, who applauded as he greeted them outside St George's Chapel after the service.

It was a chilly day and he told people: "You're very brave to stand out here in the cold."

Many of the crowd wished the couple a happy Easter and told the King to get well soon.

"We're all rooting for you, we've all got your back," a member of the public told him.

Another man said: "Keep going strong, Your Majesty. Keep going strong, never give in."

The King joked: "I have to obey my instructions."

The King seemed to enjoy the walkabout and it was a positive sign that he felt able to shake hands and chat to the crowd.

Henry Wood, 20, a private wine merchant from Basingstoke who attended the service inside St George's Chapel with his family, said the King appeared to be "in good spirits".

"Obviously it being his first appearance in quite some time, I think people wanted to see him for that reason," Mr Wood said.

"He looked good today and in high spirits, and from what I've heard he's doing good so it's refreshing to hear."

The BBC understands the church outing does not mark the start of a return to public duties, but is instead a careful first step back into the public eye.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The King was initially greeted by well-wishers when he arrived for the service in a car with Queen Camilla.

A member of the public shouted "Happy Easter!", to which he waved and responded: "And to you," before going into the chapel.

Anne Daley, 65, from Cardiff, held up a Welsh flag when the King arrived and was the first to speak to him when he re-emerged for his walkabout.

She said: "Did you see the smile he gave me? He pointed at my flag."

She added: "He had a lovely smile. He looked well. I think he was happy that we've all come."

The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, their son James, Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence, and the Duke and Duchess of York also all attended the service.

The Duke of York and Princess Anne were among other senior royals to attend

The King has not been at public events this year. His cancer was detected while he was undergoing treatment for an enlarged prostate in January. While the type of cancer has not been disclosed, Buckingham Palace has confirmed it is not prostate cancer.

Earlier this week he spoke of his "great sadness" at missing the traditional Maundy Thursday service, which was instead attended by Queen Camilla.

The King attended church in Sandringham in February, shortly after his diagnosis. There, well-wishers gathered as he walked into the church, which is on his private estate in Norfolk, but were not allowed to enter the grounds which are closed to the public until Easter.

Meanwhile, earlier this month, the Princess of Wales revealed in a video announcement that she was undergoing preventative treatment for cancer.

Catherine had abdominal surgery in January, when it was not known there was any cancer, but subsequent tests found it had been present. Her type of cancer has not been revealed.

There is no early return to official duties expected for the princess.

Anne Daley had travelled from Cardiff. "He had a lovely smile," she said. "He looked well. I think he was happy that we've all come."

Queen Camilla has led the line for the royals for the past few months, increasingly carrying out trips on her own that would once have been the responsibility of her husband.

Prince William has kept up projects such as Earthshot and Homewards, but is likely to limit his travels to stay close to home and protect some kind of normal family life.

It is not known how future key dates in the royal calendar, such as Trooping the Colour in June, will be represented by members of the Royal Family, or when the King will return to public engagements.

The bodies of Dawid Wlodarczyk, 3, Monika Wlodarczyk, 35, Maja Wlodarczyk, 11, and Michal Wlodarczyk, 39 were found on Friday

Police have named four people, including two children, found dead at a flat in Hounslow.

Michal Wlodarczyk, 39, Monika Wlodarczyk, 35, Maja Wlodarczyk, 11, and Dawid Wlodarczyk, aged three, have been named by police.

All four were found at the property on Staines Road, Bedfont, and thought to be from the same family, police said.

Officers said they were called at 15:12 BST on Friday by a person "concerned about the welfare of the occupants".

After officers carried out a "forced entry" they discovered all four bodies.

Their next of kin have been informed and are being supported by family liaison officers. The Metropolitan Police's investigation is being led by homicide detectives.

The force described it as "a terrible incident" and revealed that no other parties were currently being sought.

Police officers were at the property on Staines Road on Saturday

Post-mortem examinations are being arranged to establish their cause of death.

It is understood that the property where the bodies were found comprises two flats and they were discovered in the upstairs flat.

According to neighbours, they were a Polish family. Mr Wlodarczyk worked as a builder, while Mrs Wlodarczyk was a cleaner at a hotel, they told PA Media.

Naura Hooper, 46, who attended the scene, said she used to take 11-year-old Maja out with her daughters.

She said: "Maja was a nice girl, very intelligent and well-liked. The family were nice whenever I met them."

A man who lives next door, who did not wish to be named, said: "They were just normal neighbours - we just had greetings here and there, that kind of stuff."

A female neighbour - who also did not wish to be named - said she exchanged pleasantries with the family and revealed the woman was a "lovely mother with two young children".

She told the BBC the family were "absolutely gorgeous".

Ch Supt Sean Wilson told reporters officers were keeping an open mind about the circumstances

Feltham resident Michael Oban, 56, who lives about half a mile from the property, said he was "disturbed" by the discoveries.

"Whatever the circumstances, the death of four people inside a property really is quite shocking," he added.

"You have two children in there. It's always distressing when you hear children lose their life."

In an earlier statement, Ch Supt Sean Wilson explained that the police's "investigation is at a very early stage, and based on our initial inquiries, we are not currently seeking anybody else in connection with the incident".

"I know the shock and distress that this terrible incident will cause among the community in Hounslow and beyond," he added.

"I can assure local people that specialist officers are working to establish exactly what happened and I will provide further information as soon as I can."

He added: "I am also aware that this incident will be particularly upsetting for children, and I ask people to please be responsible about what they post on social media, including not naming or speculating as to the names of those who've died."

Hounslow council leader Shantanu Rajawat said the deaths had sent "shockwaves" through the community and he expressed his "heartfelt sympathies" to the family and friends of the deceased.

Floral tributes were laid at the scene

It's clear that the incident has left Hounslow's community incredibly distressed.

Some neighbours, parents of young children, were too upset to speak.

Others said they simply couldn't believe it, and never expected to wake up to this news on a Saturday morning.

Locals have been stopping near the property, and comforting each other, as they come to terms with four deaths in the London suburb.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Stormont has been without a functioning executive or assembly since last February

Stormont parties have said they will need at least £1bn of extra funding to manage budget pressures in a future executive.

They were speaking after meeting the head of the civil service to discuss the ongoing governance gap.

There is no functioning executive or assembly because of the DUP's protest against post-Brexit trade arrangements.

The party needs to "get off the fence" and return to government immediately, Sinn Féin's vice-president has said.

Michelle O'Neill was among party leaders who met Jayne Brady to discuss Northern Ireland's budget crisis and lack of government.

Her party is now the largest party in local government and the assembly having made gains in last week's council elections.

That result showed voters wanted power sharing to resume, said Ms O'Neill, saying suggestion that the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) might return to power-sharing this autumn was "not an acceptable timeframe".

In an earlier letter to the largest parties, Northern Ireland Civil Service boss Jayne Brady said Northern Ireland's budgetary pressures had been compounded by a "governance gap".

Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill was joined by party colleague and former Finance Minister Conor Murphy at Stormont Castle

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson described Thursday's meeting as productive, adding he was committed to working with other parties in asking for extra finances from Westminster.

"Our current funding formula for Northern Ireland doesn't work, what we need is a needs-based approach to our budget," he said.

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said Northern Ireland's funding model needed to be reformed

Stephen Farry from Stormont's third-largest party, the cross-community Alliance party, agreed it was a constructive meeting with parties committing themselves to work towards the restoration of Stormont.

He said a key aspect of that had to be requesting an extra £1bn from the Westminster government to "stem the bleeding" and stabilise public finances.

It's worth bearing in mind that the £1bn figure now being openly floated is a rough ballpark.

The parties haven't yet actually agreed on any final ask.

But Stormont sources say it reflects the scale of what is necessary to cover the £800m shortfall this year, plus outstanding pay deals for public sector workers, not to mention the t-word - transformation of services which already seems to be on the long finger.

Ultimately it will be up to the Treasury to agree to a collective ask put forward by the parties.

And we are told there are likely to be hefty strings attached.

Ulster Unionist Party leader Doug Beattie said it was a sombre meeting because of the predicament of Northern Ireland's governance and fiscal position, but he welcomed the "workman-like" attitude from all parties.

Stormont officials believe they will need to find £800m in cuts and revenue-raising measures in the wake of last month's budget announcement which was set by Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris.

The task fell to Mr Heaton-Harris in the absence of a functioning Northern Ireland Executive.

Mr Heaton-Harris, who has denied setting a "punishment budget", has warned that government departments face difficult decisions "in order to live within the funding available".

The NI secretary said he was in close contact with parties about doing everything possible to lead to the restoration of the executive.

However, speaking after meeting with him on Wednesday, Michelle O'Neill said she didn't believe there was any urgency on his part.

Mr Heaton-Harris has refused to be drawn on a claim a restored Northern Ireland Executive needs an extra £1.1bn.

However, he said he was "very pleased to hear the parties are talking about the future".

He also said Ms O'Neill was "completely wrong" to claim he was showing no urgency to get devolved government restored.

On Thursday, Mr Heaton-Harris State met with the joint secretaries of the health trade unions to discuss the Northern Ireland budget for this financial year and the impact on the health service.

Chris Heaton-Harris has been accused of having "no urgency" on restoring Stormont

The Northern Ireland Office (NIO) said he also offered clarity on the pay offer that was made to health workers in England and Wales earlier this month.

"Ultimately this is a matter for the trade unions and the Department of Health in Northern Ireland," a NIO spokesperson said.

"The Secretary of State has no authority to negotiate pay in Northern Ireland.

"Stable and accountable local government is the best way of delivering on the issues that matter most to the people of Northern Ireland, such as the health service.

"That is why the government's focus remains on restoring the Executive."

On Thursday, it was announced that a shortage of consultants at Daisy Hill Hospital in Newry means delivering inpatient care in general medicine is no longer sustainable.

The Southern Health Trust said it was working with other trusts in Northern Ireland and the Department of Health "to help us through this situation".

In her letter to Sinn Féin, the DUP, the Alliance Party and the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) Ms Brady wrote that only elected ministers can take "major policy decisions", some of which are required for departments to make savings in the budget for 2023-24.

Civil service boss Jayne Brady says Stormont's spending trajectory currently exceeds the budget

Her letter warned that "leaves the accounting officer in the invidious position of having no lawful means to ensure full compliance with the duty to remain within budget limits".

"As a result, the spending trajectory currently exceeds the budget, and this will remain the case until and unless ministerial decision-making is restored," it added.

Ms Brady went on to emphasise that even if an executive was formed and accompanied by an additional financial package from Westminster, it was still "highly likely" that the budgetary position will remain very challenging.

"An incoming executive would be faced with a series of choices, made all the more challenging because they would fall to be taken part way through the financial year," she added.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Mary Lou McDonald (left) says many voters are frustrated that Michelle O'Neill has been blocked from becoming first minister

Following the council election Michelle O'Neill said the onus was on the British and Irish governments to focus efforts on the immediate restoration of the assembly.

Party leader Mary Lou McDonald said the election result was a "monumental endorsement" for Sinn Féin and the party now had a "huge mandate".

You can listen to the BBC's 5 Questions On, where Ireland Correspondent Chris Page explains the significance of the 2023 council election.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Police bodycam captured the Tasering and arrest of triple murderer Saju Chelavelel

A father who strangled his wife and two children has been jailed for at least 40 years.

Nurse Anju Asok, 35, Jeeva Saju, six, and Janvi Saju, four, were found fatally injured in the family home in Kettering on 15 December 2022.

A judge told Saju Chelavalel he had "squeezed the life out" of his wife while the children screamed for mummy.

Det Insp Simon Barnes said: "There is no amount of time behind bars that will ever be enough for what he did."

The judge, Mr Justice Pepperall, jailed him for life at Northampton Crown Court, and ordered that he must serve a minimum of 40 years.

The bodies of Anju Asok, her son Jeeva Saju and daughter Janvi Saju were discovered after police forced entry into their home in Kettering

Originally from Kerala in India, Chelavalel said he believed his wife was having an affair and claimed he lost control while drunk, killing her at around 22:00 GMT on 14 December at their ground-floor flat.

The court heard Chelavalel had more than four hours "to reflect on whether to kill his children" before using a dressing gown cord to strangle them in the early hours of the following morning.

Ms Asok died at the scene and the children died later in hospital.

Post-mortem examinations found all three victims died from asphyxiation, Northamptonshire Police said.

"While you were squeezing the life out of your wife, your young children were screaming for their mummy," said the judge.

"I cannot be sure if they were eyewitnesses, but it is clear that they heard what was going on and knew that she was being hurt by you."

Saju Chelavalel, 52, admitted to the triple murder of his wife and children

Prosecutor James Newton-Price KC said there was no evidence to support the claim Ms Asok had been unfaithful.

However, an examination of Chelavalel's phone showed that he had been searching dating websites for other women while she was at work.

The court was played an audio recording found on his phone of banging noises followed by the sound of a woman screaming or gasping and a child crying or calling out.

Mr Newton-Price said it was the prosecution's belief that it was a recording of Ms Asok being strangled.

He said the it also captured the sound of a blender being used to make a "toxic" mixture of chocolate and pills intended to send the children - pupils at Kettering Park Infant Academy - to sleep.

The court heard that police officers attended the flat after receiving a call from a neighbour who was concerned for the family's welfare.

Ms Asok had failed to turn up for work as an orthopaedic nurse at Kettering General Hospital and the children were not at school.

Body-worn camera footage showed that, after breaking into the flat, officers found Chelavalel holding a knife to his throat. He asked the police to shoot him and said that he wanted to die, before he was Tasered.

The body of Ms Asok was found on the floor of an adjoining bedroom. The couple's children were described in a police statement as "laying perfectly side-by-side on the double bed".

Offering mitigation, defence barrister George Carter-Stephenson KC said the circumstances of the case were tragic in the extreme for relatives of the victims.

He said: "They are also tragic for this particular defendant. Whatever sentence the court imposes on him today he has to live with the knowledge of what he did on that particular night."

In addition to his jail term, Chelavalel was prohibited from contacting any of his victims' family members.

Det Insp Simon Barnes from Northamptonshire Police said: "Anju was a mother like many all over the world. She wanted to provide the best possible life she could for her children - Jeeva and Janvi.

"He [Chelavalel] has never fully accounted for what he did, or why, and will now spend the rest of his life with not much else to think about, but that.

"There is no amount of time behind bars that will ever be enough for what he did. His primary role as a husband and a father, was to protect his family from harm. They should have been at their safest, at home, with him, but he destroyed that.

"They leave behind them a devastated family in India, who are struggling to come to terms with what has happened."

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

People burned Israeli and US flags at a protest in Tehran on Monday night, hours after the deadly strike in Syria

Iran has vowed to respond to what it said was an Israeli strike on Monday that destroyed an Iranian consulate building in Syria's capital, Damascus.

Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Israel would "regret this crime", while President Ebrahim Raisi insisted that it would "not go unanswered".

Iranian state TV reported that seven Revolutionary Guards, including two generals, and six Syrians were killed.

The Israeli military said it did not comment on foreign media reports.

But an unnamed senior Israeli government official told Reuters news agency that those killed had "been behind many attacks on Israeli and American assets and had plans for additional attacks". They also insisted that the embassy "was not a target".

The New York Times also cited four Israeli officials as confirming that Israel had carried out the strike but denying the building had diplomatic status.

Israel has acknowledged carrying out hundreds of strikes in recent years on targets in Syria that it says are linked to Iran and allied armed groups which are armed, funded and trained by the Revolutionary Guards.

The strikes have reportedly been stepped up since the start of the war in Gaza in October last year, in response to cross-border attacks on northern Israel by Hezbollah and other Iran-backed groups in Lebanon and Syria.

Iran has so far avoided direct confrontation with Israel during the conflict, but Monday's attack is seen as a serious escalation.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

On Tuesday, Iran's president said the Revolutionary Guards commanders had been in Syria "as senior advisers in defending the holy shrine" - an apparent reference to a revered site on the outskirts of Damascus believed to house the tomb of Sayyida Zeinab, the daughter of the first Shia Muslim imam.

"Having failed to destroy the will of the resistance front, the Zionist regime [Israel] has put blind assassinations back on its agenda to save itself," Mr Raisi added. "It must know that it will never achieve its goals and that this cowardly crime will not go unanswered."

Later, Iran's supreme leader also vowed to avenge the Revolutionary Guards' deaths, which he described as a "heavy loss" for his country.

"The evil regime will be punished by the hands of our brave men. We will make them regret this crime and others like it," Ayatollah Khamenei said.

Iran's mission to the United Nations in New York also said the strike constituted a "flagrant violation of the United Nations Charter, international law, and the foundational principle of the inviolability of diplomatic and consular premises".

One of Ayatollah Khamenei's advisers, Ali Shamkhani, meanwhile claimed that US "remains directly responsible, whether or not it was aware of the intention to carry out this attack".

US National Security Council spokeswoman Adrienne Watson said it "had no involvement in the strike" and "did not know about it ahead of time".

Syria's defence ministry said Israeli aircraft launched missiles at the Iranian consulate building, which was located next door to the Iranian embassy on a highway in the western Mezzeh district of Damascus, from the occupied Golan Heights on Monday afternoon.

The entire building was destroyed, "killing and injuring everyone inside", it added, without providing further details.

Iran's ambassador, Hossein Akbari, said the strike was carried out by Israeli F-35 fighter jets and "targeted my place of residence and the consular section of the embassy, along with Iran's military attaches".

On Monday evening, Iran's Revolutionary Guards put out a statement saying that seven of its officers were killed, including Brig-Gen Mohammad Reza Zahedi and Brig-Gen Mohammad Hadi Haji-Rahimi.

Iranian media said Zahedi, 63, was a senior figure in the Quds Force - the Revolutionary Guards' overseas operations arm - and served as commander in Lebanon and Syria between 2008 and 2016. Haji-Rahimi was meanwhile identified as Zahedi's deputy.

Zahedi is one of the most high-profile Iranian figures believed to have been killed by Israel in the country's long campaign of targeted assassinations.

On Tuesday, Iranian state TV reported that the death toll had risen to 13, with six Syrian nationals killed along with the Revolutionary Guards.

The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, reported that 11 members of Iran's so-called "Axis of Resistance" were killed. They comprised eight Iranians, including seven commanders, two Syrians and one Lebanese national, it said.

Lebanese security sources also told Reuters that one member of Lebanon's Iran-backed Hezbollah movement was killed.

Last week, suspected Israeli strikes on Damascus and the northern city of Aleppo reportedly killed 53 people, including 38 Syrian soldiers and seven members of the Iran-backed Lebanese armed group Hezbollah.

Iran has said Revolutionary Guards have been sent to Syria to "advise" President Bashar al-Assad's forces in the country's civil war, but it has denied they have been involved in combat or established bases.

The cost of decarbonising air travel is likely to push up ticket prices and put some off flying, a group representing the UK aviation industry says.

Measures such as moving to higher-cost sustainable aviation fuel will "inevitably reduce passenger demand", according to Sustainable Aviation.

But it found people will "still want to fly" despite "slightly higher costs".

Annual passenger numbers are still expected to rise by nearly 250 million by 2050, it added.

Sustainable Aviation is an alliance of companies including airlines such as British Airways, airports such as Heathrow and manufacturers like Airbus.

It said that sustainable aviation fuel (Saf) would be a key part of the industry's "journey to net zero", accounting for at least three quarters of the fuel used in UK flights by 2050.

Saf is produced from sustainable sources such as agricultural waste and reduces carbon emissions by 70% compared with traditional jet fuel.

However, it is currently several times more expensive to produce - costs the group says would have to be passed on.

The cost of using carbon offsetting schemes to reach net zero will also drive up airlines' costs, the report adds.

Heathrow Airport's director of sustainability Matthew Gorman - who chairs Sustainable Aviation - said this "green premium" will have "some impact on future demand" for air travel.

But he added that the industry could still "grow significantly" as most people were "happy to pay a bit more to travel".

The Sustainable Aviation group argues the move to greener travel presents a big opportunity for the UK, which has the world's third-largest global aviation network.

Up to five new Saf production plants are planned for the UK, with the government investing in their development.

However, the group said it was concerned investors would be lured to the US and the rest of Europe by "significant" tax incentives, and the UK risked missing out.

In response, it urged the government to introduce a mechanism to close the gap in price between Saf and traditional jet fuel.

On Monday, ministers and aviation chiefs will unveil an action plan for decarbonising the aviation industry at Farnborough Airport.

Transport Secretary Mark Harper said: "This government is a determined partner to the aviation industry - helping accelerate new technology and fuels, modernise their operations and work internationally to remove barriers to progress.

"Together, we can set aviation up for success, continue harnessing its huge social and economic benefits, and ensure it remains a core part of the UK's sustainable economic future."

Footage released by US Coast Guard shows a crew member swimming through rough seas to rescue a dog trapped on a beach

The German Shepherd was injured after falling about 300ft (90m) down a cliff, and ended up trapped on an inaccessible beach in Oregon’s Ecola State Park.

The dog was airlifted from the beach and returned to her owner, who after a visit to the emergency vet told the Coast Guard that she is “doing just fine."

Strangulation is the second most common method of female murder in the UK

Police in Northern Ireland can now charge people with non-fatal strangulation.

It became a stand-alone offence in Northern Ireland under the Justice, Sexual Offences and Trafficking Victims Act 2022, and has now come into effect.

Strangulation is the second most common method of female murder in the UK.

Women's Aid NI said the legal change would give prosecutors vital tools to deal with perpetrators.

Over the last 10 years seven people (six women and one man) in Northern Ireland were strangled to death.

Non-fatal strangulation is seen as a red flag for escalating violence in intimate partner relationships and a possible indicator for future risk of murder or attempted murder.

One victim of non-fatal strangulation spoke to the BBC anonymously about her experiences:

"There were several occasions of violence and a couple of strangulation, the reason I reported it to the police I suppose, was the the increase in the severity and the velocity of when I was strangled," she said.

"I totally blacked out, I lost consciousness, I lost control of my bowel and my bladder."

She said when she came to in the bed she had "a fight or flight instinct".

"That that was the final time, that was enough.

"While I was being strangled, the only thing that was really running through my head was my children finding me the next day and the panic of total loss of any oxygen.

"The realisation that you were slipping away and your last final thoughts are just your children finding you dead on the bed."

She said she then phoned the police.

"It doesn't take long for somebody to slip into unconsciousness and ultimately pass away.

"I'm really pleased that the legislation has come in here and the sentencing guidelines, you know, the impact of it, it takes into account the extent, the absolute terror, the fear that somebody that's experiencing that feels, and also takes into account the impact that it can leave on your life.

"It was a demonstration of control. It wasn't a lack of control, it's not an involuntary reaction, you make the decision to do something like that.

"It still feels like a story that's been told by somebody else, but the more that people talk about it, the more that people are aware of the dangers of it."

One victim of non-fatal strangulation spoke anonymously to the BBC

Sonya McMullan, Women's Aid NI, said non-fatal strangulation was "the ultimate act of control"

"Somebody literally can take life with in a few seconds - in three to five minutes death may occur," she told BBC News NI's Good Morning Ulster.

"It's a red flag, a significant risk factor for serious injury and homicide."

She added: "It (the new legislation) will give the police more tools and our public prosecution more tools to be able take this forward."

Dr Catherine White, the medical director at the Institute for Addressing Strangulation, successfully campaigned for the change in the law in England and Wales.

She told the BBC: "One of the reasons we were keen to have a stand-alone law was that too often strangulation was being treated the same as a slap, punch or kick and yet in term of the danger of it - it's very different.

"The neck is very vulnerable - there's the airway and on either side of the airway are blood vessels, so any significant pressure can stop blood returning from the brain and lead to a stroke."

She said her research showed more than a third of victims thought they were about to die.

"In terms of psychological terror this is extreme," she said.

Joanne Barnes, the chief executive of Nexus, a charity which supports people suffering from abusive relationships and sexual abuse, welcomed the reform.

"This is not a 'fun', sexual or 'consensual' act and 'rough sex' can no longer be used as a defence. Non-fatal can turn fatal in an instant and can take less pressure than shaking someone's hand," she said.

The Department of Justice said the new offence provided greater protection for victims.

"This crime can affect anyone and can occur in a number of circumstances.

"However, there are those who use strangulation and asphyxiation to exert control and fear in others, including in cases of domestic abuse.

"Research shows that this type of abuse is eight times more likely to result in domestic homicide.

"In recognition of the serious harm it causes, this new offence carries greater penalties than were previously available and today marks another step forward in making our community safer."

Det Supt Lindsay Fisher welcomed the introduction of the new law

The PSNI said the new legislation "means that if you do anything that does or could restrict someone's breathing in any way you should be prepared to face a prison sentence for this offence alone".

"This new legislation will take into consideration the emotional impact, trauma and fear that the victim experiences."

Senior police described the legislation as a "step forward in helping officers tackle the magnitude of the threat".

Det Supt Lindsay Fisher said: "On average, between 10-12% of reporting domestic abuse victims have experienced non-fatal strangulation, placing them at the highest risk.

If you are affected by domestic abuse, there is a range of support services available via the BBC's Action Line page.
• None 'I could feel an enormous crushing around my neck'

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. North Wales Police said the incident is being "fully investigated"

Footage circulating online appears to show a police officer punching a man nine times while restraining him on the floor.

The incident occurred during the arrest of a man, 34, in Porthmadog, Gwynedd, north west Wales, on Wednesday.

In the footage, a male officer is seen with his arm around the man's neck appearing to punch him in the face.

North Wales Police said the matter was being "fully investigated" and referred itself to the police watchdog.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has since launched an independent investigation.

The video appears to show the suspect taken to the ground by a male and female officer after a brief altercation.

Separate footage shows the man being led to a police vehicle with a swollen and bruised face.

He was then taken to hospital and assessed by medical staff before being transferred into police custody, said the force.

The incident happened on Pensyflog, a street in the coastal town of Porthmadog.

Nia Jeffreys, Gwynedd councillor for the area, said: "The whole community is shocked to tell the truth and it's really shaken our faith and trust in the police here in north Wales.

"Trust is definitely shaken. Nobody expects to see one police officer punching a man several times whilst he is already on the floor, it's very serious.

"This kind of behaviour by one police officer can't be tolerated it's very difficult to justify."

Ms Jeffreys added that she, along with the local MP and MS, have written to the chief constable to determine the "facts of this situation".

Police and Crime Commissioner for north Wales, Andy Dunbobbin, described the footage as "concerning" and said he was taking it "very seriously".

"I discussed this incident with the chief constable this morning and she has confirmed the matter is rightly being investigated by North Wales Police," he said.

"I take such incidents very seriously and will work with the police and other bodies to understand the circumstances behind the footage," he added.

David Ford, director of the IOPC, said: "Footage on social media, capturing part of the interaction between police officers and the arrested man has, understandably, attracted significant interest and public concern.

"It is important that we thoroughly and independently investigate the whole incident, in order to establish whether the level of force used during the arrest was reasonable and proportionate in the circumstances."

A North Wales Police spokesperson said: "This matter is currently being fully investigated by North Wales Police and further updates will be issued in due course."

With nurses staging their most extensive strike and other unions walking out, the NHS faced one its most bitter disputes

It was one of the most bitter disputes in the history of the NHS, with the Royal College of Nursing staging its most extensive strike action ever. But as a deal with ministers was reached in England this week, the BBC can now reveal details of the secret and unprecedented talks.

On cold, frosty mornings on nurses' picket lines the rhetoric was fiery and noisy. Striking nurses condemned the government for failing to open pay talks. Ministers criticised walkouts affecting patients.

But behind the scenes it was a very different story. Secret contacts were being made between the two sides.

From early January there were confidential approaches from an unofficial source to the Royal College of Nurses (RCN), the nurses' union, about the possibility of talks beginning in England. This involved putting out feelers to see what might bring the nurses' union to the table.

Strikes by nurses and other health unions - representing paramedics, midwives and other NHS staff - had been triggered when ministers insisted on sticking to the recommendations of the independent pay review body (PRB). It had proposed average increases of 4%.

The RCN's original demand for a wage rise of 5% above inflation - equivalent at one point to 19% - was unaffordable, ministers said.

The government is ultimately responsible for setting NHS pay in England, funded by the Department of Health and Social Care. NHS Employers are involved in detailed negotiations.

But now these secret contacts had been made, it was not obvious to the RCN how closely they were linked to Downing Street or other parts of Whitehall.

The approaches seemed highly unorthodox. Usually it would be obvious whether ministers or officials were making a proposal.

But all became clear on 21 February with a call from Downing Street to the Royal College of Nursing. There was an invitation to talks which would include the idea of a one-off payment for the current financial year, a key demand of the nurses. The public announcement came as a big surprise even to some civil servants.

The prime minister was signalling a change of tack. Previously there had been denials that any more money was available. In return for the invitation to talk the RCN had to agree to call off an escalated two-day strike in England affecting all care, including emergencies.

The Royal College of Nursing's Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media and seemingly high public support

And so began the chain of events which led to last Thursday's pay offer to nurses, paramedics, midwives and other health staff in England.

There were shades of international diplomacy and intrigue in the negotiations. Back-channels and deniable contacts had steered a damaging dispute into calmer waters.

The stakes could not have been higher, as on the face of it the NHS strikes and widespread disruption had seemed destined to rumble on for months. But so far, these tentative talks were only with the RCN. The other health unions, representing paramedics and a range of health staff, were irritated. They were not invited to the table.

It seemed that the government was deliberately focusing on the nurses' union because of what seemed to be rising public support. RCN's general secretary Pat Cullen had a high profile in the media.

The RCN discussions with ministers remained shrouded in secrecy. Early encounters took place at an undisclosed location to avoid the media.

But that changed on 2 March when the other unions were invited to join the talks. Assurances were given that more money was available but the unions had to agree to keep the process confidential.

The result was an intensive series of meetings at the Department of Health and Social Care in Victoria Street, close to Westminster Abbey.

They took place on the ninth floor in offices which have traditionally been occupied by ministers. Health Secretary Steve Barclay had chosen to move down one floor to an open plan office with civil servants.

Union officials were intrigued to note they were meeting in an office once occupied by Matt Hancock. It was the scene of his kiss with his then-aide Gina Coladangelo, caught on CCTV and the images leaked to a newspaper. They joked about the possible presence of cameras.

The six members of the NHS staff council, representing the main health unions, along with one other official, were used to talks with employers. Sara Gorton of Unison, who chairs the council, says of the unprecedented situation they were in: "The process was unique in that the secretary of state was personally involved and negotiated directly with unions."

What was also highly unusual was the presence of Treasury officials as well as negotiators from NHS Employers and health staff. It seemed they wanted to keep a close watch on money being offered.

Unison's Sara Gorton said it was a unique situation for the health secretary to negotiate directly with unions

One union source said it became clear we were "negotiating with people who weren't used to it". Another added that they had "never worked in this way before".

There was a determination on the part of ministers to avoid leaks. Data sheets given to the negotiators had to be handed back at the end of each day. When the union team took the paperwork for their own private discussions they had to hand over their phones to prevent photos being taken. No paper was allowed to leave the building.

Perhaps in a bid to demonstrate Whitehall austerity there was no regular supply of refreshments. One participant remembers "coffee and an occasional biscuit". Another said they decided to bring in their own glasses for water.

For lunch they were taken down to the department's canteen, escorted at all times around the building. Occasionally they nipped out for fresh air and a quick visit to a local sushi bar.

The days were long with formal talks in full sessions interspersed with negotiating teams retreating to smaller offices. Sometimes they ran on beyond midnight. They knew the outcome of their work would be vitally important for the whole NHS in England.

Steve Barclay was present for much of the process, as was health minister Will Quince - though he had to take his leave one day because the King was visiting his constituency.

According to one union source: "Steve Barclay was constructive and there was not the heated atmosphere seen before Christmas."

One government source describes the secretary of state's style: "What gets him going is seeing a problem through - like a maths problem - he doesn't make a big noise and gets his head down."

Health Secretary Steve Barclay was "constructive" in talks, a union source said

There were tensions at times, but no serious fallings out. Late on Wednesday evening a deal was done. Exhausted participants retired, relieved but knowing it had to be sold to members.

Rachel Harrison of the GMB reflects on the outcome: "They were very long days locked on the ninth floor but it was what we asked for - we wanted to be invited in and they did."

Unions had insisted before entering the talks that it had to be "new money" which funded any pay offer. Ministers, after the deal, said the funding would not come from NHS frontline budgets.

But there is still ambiguity about the source of the money, with government sources saying some would come from existing planned Department of Health and Social Care spending and the rest after negotiation with the Treasury.

The pay dispute started with ministers insisting that they would follow recommendations of the pay review body and not negotiate directly with unions. But it was face-to-face talks which broke the deadlock.

The deal - a one off payment and a 5% pay rise for the year starting in April - included an agreement to review the composition and remit of the PRB.

Yet this is not the end of the process. The dispute will only end once health union members give their approval - and that is far from certain.

There is a separate and ongoing doctors' pay row. There are different pay discussions in Scotland and Wales.

But strikes which have caused frustrating delays for patients and damaged staff morale have for now come to an end in England. As one union source reflects: "What a shame it took so long."

Jamie Garwood has been jailed for six years for killing his friend with a single punch

A man who killed his friend with a "mistaken" punch has been jailed for six years.

Jamie Garwood, 33, knocked out Richard Dean Thompson, 44, before other members of their group stuck cigarette butts up his nose while he lay unconscious.

Mr Thompson died from a "significant head injury" in hospital six days later.

Garwood was previously charged with murder but later pleaded guilty to manslaughter.

Cardiff Crown Court heard Garwood had spent the evening of 31 August 2022 at a property on Tewkesbury Walk in Newport, where Mr Thompson lived with his partner.

John Hipkin KC, prosecuting, told the sentencing hearing on Thursday they had been part of a group of seven friends who were drinking heavily and taking drugs.

During the evening, one of the group, Carlos Ross, began to throw small items at Mr Thompson.

Mr Hipkin said: "Mr Thompson reacted by throwing a small tin which struck the defendant on the head, causing a small lump.

"The defendant threw a left-handed punch which struck [Mr Thompson] on the chin."

Mr Thompson fell to the ground, with a sound described as "sickening" by one witness, and was rendered "unconscious for several minutes".

Garwood went to his aid, but throughout the evening his victim's condition deteriorated.

Other members of the group, but not Garwood, stuck cigarette butts up his nose as he lay unconscious on the sofa, the court was told.

An ambulance was called by Mr Thompson's partner about two hours later, which arrived about 00:26 GMT - by which time Garwood had left the property.

Richard Thompson was found unresponsive at his home on Tewkesbury Walk, Newport

Mr Thompson died from a "significant head injury" on 6 September at University Hospital Wales, Cardiff, and a post-mortem found he had sustained fractures to both sides of his head.

Mr Hipkin said Garwood - who had 44 previous court appearances for 79 offences including battery and assault - would have known that his friend was vulnerable.

He said Mr Thompson's home was being used for drug dealing by others at the time.

In a victim impact statement, Mr Thompson's brother Michael described him as "a bubbling, funny person" who was "well known in the area and really popular".

David Elias, KC, defending, said the punch was "mistaken" in that it was "a reaction to an item thrown by somebody else" and "lacked premeditation".

"It is clear that the defendant is extremely remorseful," he said.

"He badly regrets the tragic consequences of his unlawful actions and he will have to live with that."

On Garwood's decision not to call an ambulance before he left the property, Mr Elias said: "It seemed for a while that the defendant was going to be OK."

She said Garwood was an "impulsive individual with little or no regard for the consequences of [his] actions".

Garwood, from Newport, was sentenced to six years in custody, of which he will have to spend at least four in prison. He will also serve four years on license upon release.

Mortgage interest rates have risen sharply over the past six months after years of historic lows.

As higher interest rates will mean higher mortgage payments, experts say more people are at risk of falling into debt or losing their homes.

Try our calculator below to see how your fixed rate mortgage might be affected as borrowing becomes more expensive.

A modern browser with JavaScript and a stable internet connection is required to view this interactive. How much could my mortgage go up by? How much are you borrowing? If you have an existing mortgage enter the outstanding balance left to pay. If not, enter the total you are looking to borrow. How long will you take to pay it back? If you have an existing mortgage enter the total number of years remaining. If not, enter the total number of years you are looking to borrow over. What is your current... For those with a mortgage enter the rate for your current fixed term. For those without a mortgage enter an interest rate from another source, such as a bank's mortgage rate calculator. At this rate, your payments could change by… The information you provided on your monthly payments would not be sufficient to pay off your mortgage within the number of years given.

This mortgage calculator uses a standard mortgage repayment formula to estimate the monthly payments or interest rate based on the amount borrowed and the length of a mortgage.

The calculator assumes a single, fixed, interest rate which stays the same over the term of the mortgage and interest is charged monthly.

Why is my monthly payment estimate different to what I actually pay?

If there is a difference you can enter your current monthly payment instead of the interest rate.

What if I have a variable rate mortgage?

This calculator assumes that the interest rate stays the same over the term of the mortgage so is not suitable for variable rate mortgages.

What if I have an interest only mortgage?

This calculator only works for repayment mortgages.

What if I have more than one mortgage?

This calculator only works for a single mortgage at a time.

What if I don't know what my interest rate or monthly payments are or would be?

You can use mortgage comparison tools on official mortgage lender's websites to see what a likely interest rate or monthly payment would be for the amount you were looking to borrow.

What are the values already in the calculator based on?

The value of £160,000 is based on the average outstanding balance for a fixed rate mortgage as of June 2022, according to UK Finance.

The value of 20 years is based on the average outstanding term for a fixed rate mortgage as of June 2022, according to UK Finance.

The value of 2% is based on the average interest rate for outstanding fixed rate mortgages as of June 2022, according to UK Finance.

The value of £809 is based on the estimated payments made at 2% based on a mortgage of £160,000 over 20 years.

The value of 6.7% is based on research from moneyfactscompare.co.uk from 12 July 2023, who reported this figure as the average rate for a new two-year fixed rate loan.

Kyriakos Mitsotakis trounced his rivals for a second time in a month and now has a majority

Greek conservative leader Kyriakos Mitsotakis has trounced his centre-left rival in the second election in a month and said he has a "strong mandate" to move faster on the path of change.

His New Democracy party (ND) won 40.5% of the national vote, almost 23 points ahead of Alexis Tsipras's Syriza party.

He beat Syriza in May, but called new elections in a bid to win a majority.

"ND is today the most powerful centre-right party in Europe," he told delighted supporters in Athens.

Mr Mitsotakis, who was sworn as prime minister on Monday, is credited with successfully returning the Greek economy to stability and growth after a severe debt crisis and three international bailouts.

Although many Greeks are struggling with the cost-of-living crisis, voters chose to stick with the party promising lower taxes and improved public health.

The vote came 11 days after a migrant boat tragedy off Greece in which about 500 people are thought to have died.

Three days of mourning were held, however the disaster had little effect on the campaign and Greeks voted to maintain economic stability.

"The people have given us a safe majority," said Mr Mitsotakis as the extent of his victory became clear. "Major reforms will go ahead quickly."

Last month, his party fell just short of a majority in the 300-seat parliament and his decision to call an election in a bid to form a stable, single-party government was vindicated by Sunday's result.

Under Greek rules for a second election, the biggest party is awarded a bonus of between 20 and 50 seats. With more than 40% of the vote, New Democracy won all 50.

Mr Mitsotakis said he could not promise miracles, but that New Democracy had "high goals" to transform Greece with a better public health service and education.

Former Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras's centre-left Syriza had been soundly defeated in the first election and lost further ground in the second, with less than 18% of the vote. He dampened speculation that he would resign, saying that was a decision for his party members.

One of the big stories of the election was the success of a newly created far-right Spartans party, which won almost 4.7% of the vote, crossing the 3% threshold to enter parliament.

The Spartans only emerged as a political force this month when the Supreme Court banned another far-right party, the Greeks, and its jailed founder, Ilias Kasidiaris, threw his weight behind the Spartans.

Kasidiaris had been the spokesman for neo-Nazi party Golden Dawn, which was banned as a criminal organisation and its leaders given long prison terms.

Together with nationalist Greek Solution and ultra-conservative Niki (Victory), the three hard-right parties won close to 13% of the vote and 34 seats.

The victory secured by Kyriakos Mitsotakis, 55, over Alexis Tsipras's Syriza is a rarity in Greek politics, as few parties increase their share after a first term in office.

He also succeeded in attracting more young voters than his rival.

Alexis Tsipras said his future as leader was in the hands of party members

His party was helped by the fragmentation of the left-wing vote; with Socialist PASOK set for more than 11% and the Communist KKE on around 7%.

Turnout slumped eight points from the first vote to less than 53%.

The conservative leader has formed a reputation as a Teflon-coated leader, fending off a series of damaging crises in the past year, including a rail disaster and a wire-tapping scandal that brought down the intelligence chief and his own nephew, who worked as the prime minister's chief of staff.

Greece was being led by a caretaker government when the migrant boat sank off the south-west coast in the early hours of 14 June.

Since the migrant crisis, the views of most Greek voters have shifted in favour of stricter, more conservative policies, says Panos Koliastasis, assistant professor of politics at the University of Peloponnese.

"The reason is rooted in the 2020 migration crisis on the Evros [river], when Turkey tried to push thousands of migrants into Greek territory and the Mitsotakis government acted swiftly. So the greater part of the public perceives the migration issue as an external threat to national sovereignty."

Gary and Josh Dunmore were shot dead at properties in Cambridgeshire on Wednesday

A man has appeared in court charged with the murders of a father and son who were shot dead in Cambridgeshire.

Josh Dunmore, 32, was found in Bluntisham at about 21:00 BST on Wednesday and Gary Dunmore, 57, was found in Sutton about 40 minutes later.

Stephen Alderton, 66, of no fixed address, is charged with two counts of murder and possession of a firearm.

Wearing a grey prison tracksuit, he confirmed his name, age and address at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court.

No pleas were entered and he was remanded in custody.

The case was sent to Cambridge Crown Court, where a hearing will take place on Monday.

Floral tributes have been left in the two Cambridgeshire villages

The victims' family have paid tribute to the "devoted" father and son in a statement released via Cambridgeshire Constabulary on Friday.

They said: "Josh was a devoted father and a loving uncle.

"He was a wonderful son and brother and leaves behind an extensive group of family and friends.

"He will be deeply missed and the devastation this has caused will never heal.

"Gary was the most devoted son, brother, dad and grandad, who gave everything for those he loved.

"He was a gentle and generous person who always put others before himself and he'll be massively missed by his family and all those who knew and loved him."

A floral tribute to Gary Dunmore, left outside his home in The Row, Sutton, said: "To my dear neighbour Gary.

"A man who loved his family dearly, a dear friend to all, so helpful and kind and was always around as a friend and my little odd job man.

Police said post-mortem examinations will take place at Peterborough City Hospital on Monday.

A 27-year-old man and 33-year-old woman, who were arrested in connection with the deaths, have been released with no further action taken.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

England kept their Ashes hopes alive by beating Australia by three wickets in the third Test in another nerve-shredding Headingley finale.

Harry Brook hit a superb 75 but it was left to bowlers Chris Woakes and Mark Wood to drag the hosts over the line in pursuit of 251.

Brook's mature knock took them to within 21 of victory, after talisman Ben Stokes fell for 13 following lunch on day four with 90 still needed.

Brook put on 59 with Woakes before top-edging a cut off Mitchell Starc, who almost won the series for Australia with a vicious 5-78.

That wicket brought Wood to the crease amid gripping tension and he hit Pat Cummins for six and thrashed Starc for four to spark jubilation in the stands.

With four needed, Wood was dropped by Australia wicketkeeper Alex Carey before Woakes, who finished unbeaten on 32, slashed the winning runs.

England's win makes the series 2-1 to Australia with two Tests to play, setting up a grandstand finale that could yet match the iconic contest in 2005.

There is a nine-day break before the fourth Test at Old Trafford starts on Wednesday, 19 July.

England keep the show rumbling on

After 1981 and 2019, 2023 can now be added to the list of Headingley Ashes epics.

It may not have reached the ultimate climax of Stokes and Jack Leach's 10th-wicket partnership four years ago but it was still another day of almost tortuous tension.

Every run was cheered and wickets were met with silence - apart from in the pockets of Australian green and gold in the stands.

Joe Root's departure shortly before lunch and Stokes' soon afterwards threatened to give Australia the win that would seal their first Ashes series in England for 22 years.

But Brook, batting on his home ground in his first Ashes series, played the situation perfectly, only to fall with the finish line in sight.

He found a gritty partner in Woakes, who battled through the short-ball attack and played the anchor to Wood at the end.

The scenes of celebration were reminiscent of those four years ago - England getting their first win on the board after two tight Tests that could have gone either way.

They have to do what they have never done before - come from 2-0 down to win the Ashes - but, after three gripping Test matches, they have ensured the show rumbles on with the series getting the ending it deserves.

Brook's knock came after he was dropped back down to number five in the order, having taken the injured Ollie Pope's position at number three in the first innings.

He came in at 93-3 and started shakily in a stand of 38 with Root before driving Scott Boland twice through the covers to get him on his way.

Brook held his nerve after the losses of Root, Stokes and Jonny Bairstow - the latter playing on from a wild drive with the target 80 runs away, at which stage Australia were favourites.

Brook, 24, has made his name as an attacking batter in his first 10 Tests - here becoming the quickest batter to 1,000 Test runs in terms of balls faced - but restrained himself while putting away the bad balls with the field spread.

At the other end, Woakes was more aggressive. He managed to slash the ball through the off side, although was fortunate to fend the short ball three times into empty spaces.

When Brook top-edged a bouncer, Australia still had a sniff but Wood, who took seven wickets in the match bowling at extreme pace, hooked Cummins over fine leg en route to 16 not out.

It was fitting, however, that Woakes, who also contributed a crucial six wickets, hit the winning runs after 15 months out of the side.

Starc almost wins it for Australia

After starting on 27-0, England had added 15 runs relatively calmly amid the tension, before Ben Duckett was pinned lbw by Starc's left-arm pace for 23.

The hosts promoted Moeen Ali in Brook's place but he only made five before a Starc inswinger crashed into his leg stump.

Zak Crawley batted well for 44 but, in a dismissal that sums up his Test career, edged a big drive to Mitchell Marsh through to the wicketkeeper a ball after hitting the same shot through the covers.

Root attempted to pull a wayward ball from Cummins and gloved it down the leg side.

Starc, though, was the major threat and was rewarded by having Stokes taken down the leg side before Bairstow's wild swish.

Australia missed the control of spinner Nathan Lyon, ruled out of the series with a calf injury last week, but have more than a week to regroup before seeking a series-clinching victory again.

England batter Harry Brook on Test Match Special: "I don't think I can quite believe it yet, to do it here in front of my home crowd.

"It's a phenomenal win and sets up the rest of the series."

Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "Fantastic. Both teams have produced three games of cricket you only dream of commentating on."

Australia captain Pat Cummins: "Another one right down to the wire and a great Test match. Unfortunately we are not on the right side of this one."

Former England spinner Phil Tufnell: "Australia are the hunted and this England side like being the hunters.

"If England go up to Old Trafford and strike that first blow it could unravel for the Australians. It's beautifully teed up."
• None Watch the hypochondriac detective and his team on BBC iPlayer now
• None The cosmic culture war between Marvel and DC comics: Uncover the story of one of the greatest rivalries in the history of pop culture

President Biden was welcomed to Dublin Castle by Taoiseach Leo Varadkar

US President Joe Biden has declared "I'm at home" as he made an historic address to the Irish Parliament.

Mr Biden said he has returned to his ancestral home and his only wish was that he could stay longer.

In his speech to a joint sitting of the Oireachtas (both houses of the Irish parliament), he spoke of his pride in his Irish roots and support for the peace process in Northern Ireland.

He said the UK "should be working closer" with Ireland to support NI.

President Biden's final engagement on Thursday was a banquet dinner held in his honour at Dublin Castle.

The event, hosted by Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Leo Varadkar, involved a reception in the Portrait Gallery followed by a dinner in St Patrick's Hall.

Welcoming Mr Biden at the banquet dinner, Mr Varadkar said that both the US and Ireland have "a similar past and philosophy", one where they "are joined by bonds of kinship as well as of friendship".

"By looking always to the future, you have helped us to move beyond the past, and build something better," he said.

Joe Biden arriving at Leinster House, the home of the Irish parliament

President Biden received a standing ovation as he once again spoke about the special relationship between Ireland and the US.

He recounted one of his grandfather's favourite sayings as he took centre stage at the banquet: "If you're lucky enough to be Irish, you're lucky enough," he said.

The president told those gathered in Dublin Castle that he felt incredibly lucky to be so warmly welcomed by so many people on his visit to the island of Ireland.

"No barrier is too thick or too strong for Ireland and the United States of America," Mr Biden said, adding: "There is nothing the two nations cannot do when they do it together".

During an earlier address in Leinster House, President Biden praised the "huge strides" that have been taken since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, which largely ended decades of violent conflict in Northern Ireland.

"People of Ireland, it's so good to be back in Ireland," he told the Oireachtas, making a remark in Irish which translated as: "I am home."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Mr Biden went on to say that the United States was "shaped by Ireland".

"As nations, we have known hardship and division, but we have also found solace and sympathy in one and other."

President Biden praised the Good Friday Agreement which, he said, had ensured that an "entire generation of young people's lives have been shaped by confidence that there are no checkpoints on their dreams".

He said the agreement not only changed lives in Northern Ireland, but it also had a "significant positive impact across the Republic of Ireland as well".

"Political violence must never again be allowed to take hold on this island," Mr Biden told those present, to rapturous applause.

"Peace is precious. It still needs its champions. It still needs to be nurtured," he said.

Former Irish president Mary McAleese, former taoiseach Bertie Ahern and Marie Heaney, the widow of the late poet Seamus Heaney were among those in attendance.

Stormont leaders such as Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill, the SDLP's Colum Eastwood and Naomi Long from Alliance were also there.

Joe Biden was the fourth US president to ever address the Irish parliament after John F Kennedy, Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton.

He began his working day with a visit to Áras an Uachtaráin - the home of the Irish president in Phoenix Park.

President Biden inspected a military guard of honour, and signed the visitors' book. He also planted an oak tree and rang the Bell of Peace.

The bell was erected in 2008 to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

After ringing the bell, President Biden gave it another ring, saying: "One more for peace".

He said he was feeling "great" and that he had "learned a lot from the president".

One of Michael D Higgins' Bernese Mountain dogs was present when Joe Biden visited

President Higgins then gave President Biden a quick tour of the grounds around his official residence and introduced him to one of his dogs.

The two men discussed the importance of the meeting 25 years on from the Good Friday Agreement, the strong connection between their two countries and their shared love of Irish poetry.

President Biden then met Leo Varadkar at nearby Farmleigh House, shaking hands and exchanging a few words before posing for pictures.

Mr Biden remarked that it was "a beautiful day", the weather a contrast to the conditions that greeted him as he arrived in Dublin on Wednesday.

Mr Varadkar said it was "great" to have the US President back in Ireland and that the visit was going "very well".

Mr Biden described the meeting as an opportunity to make "tremendous progress".

He said he was not just commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement - but also wanted to hail Ireland's "leadership" on world issues such as taking in Ukrainian refugees.

The US President rang the Bell of Peace, erected in 2008 to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement

Earlier, Mr Biden said he had quoted an Irish proverb, in his message in the visitors' book - "your feet will bring you where your heart is", adding that it was "an honour to return".

He made a reference to returning to the home of his ancestors, pledging to recommit to peace, equity and dignity.

Mr Biden added: "I'm not going home. Isn't this an incredible place, all you American reporters, it's just like the White House, right?"

A delegation attending the event included Tánaiste (Irish deputy prime minister) Micheál Martin, US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and former Irish football star Paul McGrath.

Taoiseach Leo Varadkar met President Biden at Farmleigh House in the sunshine

On Friday, the US President is expected to travel to County Mayo where he will again explore his Irish ancestry.

His great-great grandfather Edward Blewitt left Ireland around the time of the famine.

President Biden planted an oak tree in the grounds of Áras an Uachtaráin - the home of the Irish president in Phoenix Park

While in the county, the President, who is a Catholic, is also expected to visit shrine at Knock and to make an outdoor speech to people in Ballina before he ends his four-day visit to the island.

A US genealogist who researched Mr Biden's lineage had estimated he is "roughly five-eighths" Irish.

His great-great grandfather Owen Finnegan left there for America in the late 1840s.

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement - the deal which heralded the end of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

They look at what the agreement actually said and hear from some of the people who helped get the deal across the line.

Listen to all episodes of Year '98: The Making of the Good Friday Agreement on BBC Sounds.

Police have revisited the scene of the attempted murder of a senior detective, one week after he was attacked.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot several times in front of his young son in the car park of a sports complex in Omagh on 22 February.

Officers revisited the scene to stop cars and ask drivers if they had any information about the attack.

Meanwhile, detectives have arrested two more men in connection with the shooting.

A 33-year-old man was arrested in Omagh, County Tyrone, and a 57-year-old man was detained in Belfast, both under the Terrorism Act.

They have been taken to Musgrave Serious Crime Suite for questioning.

Mr Caldwell remains in a critical but stable condition following the shooting.

Police stopped cars near the car park where Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot

A 71-year-old man arrested in connection with the attempted murder has been released following questioning.

Four other men were released on Tuesday evening.

Officers have until 22:00 GMT on Thursday to question a 47-year-old man who is currently in custody.

It's exactly one week since DCI Caldwell was shot in the car park of a sports complex on the Killyclogher Road.

It was busy then, with footballers and runners, and was busy again tonight.

Police stopped drivers on the road outside the sports centre, trying to jog memories, to find any morsels of information which may be useful in their investigation.

The dissident republican group the New IRA has said it shot the senior detective.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland said two gunmen fired 10 shots at the officer as he was putting footballs into the boot of his car.

At least two other vehicles were hit by bullets, police said, while children ran away in terror.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell has been involved in high-profile investigations into dissident republican attacks

On Monday, police released CCTV footage of the car believed to be used by the gunmen.

A blue Ford Fiesta had been bought in Ballyclare in County Antrim two weeks before the attack and stored in Belfast, where its plates were changed.

It was then spotted on the M1 driving towards the direction of Coalisland and Omagh the day before the shooting.

Police have said a blue Ford Fiesta was bought two weeks before the shooting and stored in Belfast

The car was later found burnt out on the Racolpa Road outside Omagh.

A reward of up to £20,000 is being offered by the Crimestoppers charity.

The New IRA used a typed statement taped to a wall beside shops in the Creggan estate in Londonderry to claim it was responsible for shooting Mr Caldwell.

A forensic team was at the scene on Monday morning and removed the statement for further examination.

Last updated on .From the section England

Bukayo Saka scored the first hat-trick of his career as England made it four wins out of four Euro 2024 qualifiers by thrashing North Macedonia at Old Trafford.

Gareth Southgate's side are well on course to qualify for the tournament in Germany next summer and, even though North Macedonia provided meagre opposition, England still demonstrated the dazzling array of attacking options they have at their disposal.

And at the heart of it all was Arsenal's Saka who struck a superb treble before departing to a standing ovation with the game won.

England actually laboured in the early stages in the face of determined Macedonian defence but once captain Harry Kane scored his 57th international goal - turning in Luke Shaw's cross at the far post after 29 minutes - the floodgates opened.

Saka added the second from Kyle Walker's pass nine minutes later and Marcus Rashford scored a third on the stroke of half-time after unselfish work by Jordan Henderson.

The highlight of this one-sided affair came two minutes after half-time when Saka controlled a perfect long pass by Trent Alexander-Arnold before sending a thunderous left-foot finish high past keeper Stole Dimitrievski.

Saka completed his landmark hat-trick after racing clear on to Kane's pass, prompting Southgate to make a host of changes which allowed substitute Kalvin Phillips to get in the act with a simple tap-in to make it six.

Kane scored his second from the spot with 17 minutes left after John Stones had been fouled as England went on a goal rampage to record their biggest win since the 10-0 victory over San Marino in November 2021, and inflict North Macedonia's heaviest defeat.
• None Can you name these England hat-trick heroes?

Unstoppable England on course for Germany

England could not have done a more convincing job of plotting their route to Euro 2024 with maximum points and their most testing assignment out of the way with victory over Italy in Naples.

This is a group England have to qualify from - there would be a serious inquest if they did not - but the manner in which Southgate's side have gone about their work is admirable and a sell-out Old Trafford crowd was given quite a show of attacking football.

England may face a familiar problem of not being fully put to the test until they face elite competition in the heat of a major tournament but this does not mean Southgate will not learn anything from qualifiers, even if the passage is comfortable against inferior opposition.

The attacking riches the manager can manipulate were on show among his goalscorers and England's strength in depth was emphasised as Manchester City's Champions League-winning duo of Jack Grealish and Phil Foden came off the bench while Real Madrid's new teenage superstar Jude Bellingham was not present because of injury.

This must all be framed by the fact North Macedonia were nowhere their class but England could not have done a much better job of dismantling them.

Saka grows into a more accomplished England footballer with every game and it was clear just how popular Arsenal's 21-year-old is with his team-mates by their show of sheer joy when he completed his hat-trick.

The big bonus for Southgate is that, with Alexander-Arnold's move into midfield, it has quickly become clear he and Saka are right on the same wavelength.

They combined for a goal in Malta in Friday night's win and linked again here as Alexander-Arnold picked out Saka for his second and England's fourth, a real "wow" moment as the latter applied a spectacular finish.

Saka's England colleagues sought him out with the match ball at the final whistle. He will hope it is the first of many and he certainly has the talent to collect more.
• None Attempt saved. Kalvin Phillips (England) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Harry Maguire with a headed pass.
• None Attempt blocked. Phil Foden (England) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jack Grealish.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Darko Velkovski (North Macedonia).
• None Kalvin Phillips (England) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Goal! England 7, North Macedonia 0. Harry Kane (England) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner.
• None Egzon Bejtulai (North Macedonia) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Andrew Tate is being investigated by Romanian authorities

A British woman says Andrew Tate choked her until she lost consciousness while they were having sex, and then subjected her to threatening behaviour.

The woman, who was 20 at the time, says she first met the controversial social media influencer in August 2014.

She says consensual sex turned violent when Mr Tate choked her and when she woke up, he was still having sex with her, adding: "I didn't consent to it".

Mr Tate said he "vehemently denies" the allegations against him.

A spokesman said Mr Tate does not condone violence of any kind towards women, and that all sexual acts he had taken part in had been consensual.

Evie - not her real name - told BBC Newsnight she first met Mr Tate in a bar in Luton, before he was an influencer with millions of followers. She says he was working as a club doorman and she was a student.

She says she had consensual sex with Mr Tate before meeting him again at her flat later in 2014, in late November or early December. It was then a consensual sexual encounter became violent, she says.

She says Mr Tate "put his hand on my throat and strangled me". Evie says when she came round "it was a bit confusing at first", saying the influencer was "still having sex with me."

Evie, now aged 30, claims Mr Tate also subjected her to violent threats, including threatening to kill her, until he left the following morning.

"He kept saying: 'I own you, you belong to me'," she says. "All throughout the night he was being fairly aggressive and saying horrible things." The next day, Evie says the white part of one of her eyes had completely turned red.

Evie did not report the alleged incident to police at the time.

Asked by the BBC why she did not go to the police to report a rape, Evie said she did not realise she had been the victim of an alleged crime.

She added: "I think I knew what had happened I didn't consent to. But I didn't see it as rape or sexual assault because this was 10 years ago."

She says it wasn't until about six years later when she described the alleged incident to her friends that she began to think she had been sexually assaulted.

Three people who know Evie - and say they remember her describing what had happened - have told her lawyers they are prepared to give evidence in court to that effect.

She says she wants to share her experience to raise awareness about Mr Tate and get justice.

"Hopefully it can teach women what [consent] looks like and encourage more women to come forward with stories," she added.

Evie is the latest British woman to join a planned lawsuit against Mr Tate. Together with three others, they are pursuing civil claims for damages.

The women, all in their late 20s and early 30s, allege they were victims of sexual violence by Mr Tate between 2013 and 2016, when he was living in the UK.

Addressing the former kick boxer, Evie added: "You're going to be held accountable for what you've done."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

In an interview with BBC News last week, Mr Tate denied fuelling a culture of misogyny and defended his reputation.

He also dismissed the testimonies of individual women involved in the current investigation who have accused him of rape and exploitation.

He was first arrested, together with his brother, Tristan, at their Bucharest home, in Romania, in December 2022. The pair were later moved from custody to house arrest following a ruling by a Romanian judge.

Prosecutors are investigating the brothers for crimes of suspected human trafficking, rape and forming a criminal gang to sexually exploit women. No charges have so far been brought against them. They deny those allegations.

A spokesman for Mr Tate told the BBC: "Andrew strongly encourages women who have experienced assault, in any form, to report it to the relevant authorities.

"He is saddened that a few opportunistic women who he has allegedly spent time with nearly a decade ago have decided to try and take advantage of his current situation. We will not be commenting any further on anyone's alleged intention to pursue legal action unless such action is submitted to the authorities."

If you are affected by any of the issues in this story you can contact the BBC Action Line.

Sergei Lavrov (left) and Antony Blinken (right) last met in Geneva in January 2022

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has told his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to "end this war of aggression" against Ukraine.

The remarks are the first Mr Blinken has made face to face to Mr Lavrov since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion more than a year ago.

The two met briefly on the sidelines of the G20 summit in India's capital Delhi on Thursday.

Mr Blinken also raised the case of Paul Whelan, an American detained in Russia.

A senior State Department official said the discussion in Delhi lasted less than 10 minutes - they spoke "on the move" said the Russian foreign ministry, downplaying the exchange.

"I told the foreign minister [Sergei Lavrov] what I and so many many others said last week at the United Nations, and what so many G20 foreign ministers said today - end this war of aggression, engage in meaningful diplomacy that can produce a just and lasting peace," Mr Blinken said at a briefing after the talks.

He said he also urged Russia to rejoin the New START nuclear arms control treaty, describing as "irresponsible" Moscow's recent decision to suspend its participation in the agreement.

Russia Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova confirmed that the meeting took place but gave no further details.

The last time Mr Blinken and Mr Lavrov met was in Geneva in January 2022.

Earlier on Thursday, Mr Lavrov accused Western countries of trying to influence neutral states to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

"The West continues its attempts to push everyone and everything," he said.

Mr Lavrov didn't say anything about the "elbow brush" with his US counterpart - but it was clearly not a diplomatic negotiation.

During the G20 meeting he accused the West of encouraging Kyiv to continue the war.

The failure of foreign ministers to agree on a joint statement showed that differences over the war have hardened in the past year.

Mr Blinken reportedly held talks with top diplomats during the Delhi summit to rally support for Ukraine.

He repeated his condemnation of Russia to the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva later in the day, appearing via video link.

But he said that Russian President Vladimir Putin had "demonstrated zero interest in engaging".

The G20, which includes the world's 19 wealthiest nations plus the European Union, accounts for 85% of global economic output and two-thirds of its population.

Ria says NTP tutoring has changed her learning but thousands of schools have not used the scheme this year

About one third of the £594m earmarked for tutoring to help children catch up after Covid lockdowns has gone unspent, a BBC investigation has found.

Schools must top up any government money from their own budgets, something some teachers say they cannot afford.

The government said it had helped millions of children - but Labour called the scheme a "shocking failure".

Almost £209m of the £594.3m allocated to the NTP for the previous two academic years has not been spent, according to a BBC Freedom of Information request.

The scheme, launched in November 2020, provides primary and secondary schools with funding to subsidise tutoring. Any money not spent each academic year is returned to the Treasury.

Charles Barnett, assistant head teacher at Wensleydale School and Sixth Form, welcomed the initial idea but said it took "a very short amount of time to realise it wouldn't work effectively for us".

"Both cost versus impact, they just didn't add up for us," he said. "And then we couldn't reach enough students with what they were offering in the ways that they were offering it, and there simply wasn't the choice for us as a small rural school to tap into that offer."

The latest Department for Education (DfE) data estimates that 66% of schools in England have participated in the NTP this academic year, as of January.

London has the highest rates of participation, at 73%. The lowest is seen in the North East, at 62%.

In the 21-22 academic year, 87% of schools in England used the scheme.

Ellen Widdup from Woodbridge has three children, aged 7, 13 and 15. She told BBC Radio Suffolk that as a single parent, she was working full time throughout the pandemic, making home schooling impossible. Ellen said her children definitely fell behind.

"I think that this offer from the government was brilliant in terms of helping children get back on track," she said. "I just think it's awful that all that money is now going back to the government when it could've been spent."

Dr Rebecca Montacute, head of research and policy at education charity Sutton Trust, said participation had been higher in cities where there were already "a lot more agencies operating or charities that were trying to get tutoring to disadvantaged students".

Your device may not support this visualisation

The NTP covered 75% of costs for school-led tutoring in the 21-22 academic year. This year, it provides 60%. In September, it is planned to drop to 25% for the 2023-24 academic year.

Dr Montacute said reducing the subsidy could mean schools either "won't want to or won't be able to" use the programme.

Steve Haines, Director of Public Affairs at youth charity Impetus, said evidence shows tutoring can help pupils make accelerated progress, but "the NTP will only work if schools are able to use it".

He added pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds were less likely "to pass their GCSE English and maths exams, and we are concerned that unless the government makes the changes necessary for more schools to use the scheme, they will fall behind even further".

The government had initially aimed for 65% of NTP tuition go to disadvantaged pupils. During the 21-22 academic year, 47% of the tuition did.

She said: "The government failed children throughout the pandemic and is failing to prioritise their futures now, with the result that the learning gap between children on free school meals and those not has widened to the biggest gap for a decade."

Lib Dem education spokesperson Munira Wilson MP said: "How can the government claim to be prioritising levelling up while leaving the most disadvantaged children behind?"

When the NTP started in 2020, schools could either work with an external organisation that could provide tutors, or employ an academic mentor who could provide intensive support.

Last year, the DfE introduced a third option - letting schools use their own staff.

From left to right, Ria, Owais and Zamzama at Kings Road Primary

"At the start it was ineffective," said Darren Morgan, head teacher of Manchester's Kings Road Primary. "But, when the government moved to a more school-based approach, it was amazing."

Mr Morgan has been using the funding to run catch-up groups in maths and English during the holidays and after school.

Ria, Owais and Zamzama are in Year 6 at Kings Road Primary. They have been enjoying their tutoring sessions.

"I think it's changed my learning," said Ria. "I used to get low scores but now I'm getting really high scores."

Zamzama said: "Before sessions, I was feeling really nervous. I was like, 'what if I don't do all right or something like that?' But now I feel I've got confidence again."

Mr Morgan said his pupils had made lots of progress thanks to the NTP but he understands why others have not used it.

"I'm lucky because I'm part of a big school, so I have more of a budget," he said. "But overnight, lots of schools fell into deficit, myself included. Heating bills were going up, everything was increasing. I can understand why it wasn't possible to access the programme."

Despite being a fan of the scheme, Mr Morgan said it was unlikely he can afford to continue it. He said it would cost his school an extra £35,000 from September when the subsidy falls to 25% - and he would rather drop the programme than make a staff member redundant.

Dr Montacute said it was understandable that not all the funds had been spent "given the challenge of being able to scale up a programme like this in the pandemic".

"Long term, the NTP should be seen as a core part of the fabric of the school system specifically to tackle the attainment gap between the poorest and the richest young people," she added.

Schools Minister Nick Gibb said the programme had delivered tutoring at unprecedented scale and "millions of children have benefited".

"With exam season approaching, I hope that every eligible school will take advantage of the scheme this term to provide pupils who need additional help with one-to-one or small group tuition."

Party leaders are making their final pitch to voters on the last day of campaigning for local elections across England.

They are set to visit battleground areas before polls open on Thursday to elect around 8,000 councillors and four local mayors.

The polls will decide who will run services in 230 local councils.

They are also being closely watched as a key test of public opinion before the general election expected next year.

Opposition parties have sought to attack the Conservatives' record on crime, as well as running key services such as the NHS.

Campaigning, taking place against a backdrop of stubbornly high inflation, has also been dominated by the cost of living.

Leaders from the main parties are all making campaign stops later, following the last session of Prime Minister's Questions before polls open.

On Wednesday evening, Rishi Sunak said "good councillors will lose tomorrow" because of the turbulence in the Conservative Party over the last year.

Earlier in the day during a visit to Buckinghamshire, the prime minister said: "We are concentrating on delivering on people's priorities.

"Nationally, I'm focused on my five priorities - that's halving inflation, growing the economy, reducing debt, cutting waiting lists and stopping the boats.

"We're going to keep delivering for people. My priorities are the people's priorities."

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the country "desperately needs change, I think you can sense that in the air".

Speaking to supporters in the Labour target of Medway, Kent, Sir Keir said: "There's one question that really stands out and that is people asking themselves after 13 years 'am I any better off since this mob started?"'

Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey, who is targeting rural and suburban seats held by the Tories, visited a string of target seats in southern England.

Voters were getting "increasingly fed up with the Conservatives, we're getting lifelong Conservatives telling us they will never vote Conservative again," Sir Ed said.

The Liberal Democrats were "getting a great response", he added.

The campaign has been dominated by exchanges on the issue of crime, with the parties trading statistics on the record of the Conservatives in tackling the issue in government since 2010.

Environmental issues including sewage dumps in England's waterways, has also been pushed by opposition parties and has emerged as a key election battleground.

The elections, mostly taking place in rural areas where the Conservatives still hold many councils, will decide council seats that were mostly last contested in May 2019.

For Labour, which has a healthy lead over the Tories in opinion polls, the elections present a chance to demonstrate momentum ahead of the general election widely expected to take place next year.

The Liberal Democrats will also be hoping to convert their success in a trio of by-elections last year into increased local representation, while the Greens are aiming to take outright control of an English council for the first time.

The Conservatives will be hoping to limit losses and demonstrate that a narrowing of its poll deficit since Rishi Sunak took over from Liz Truss shows a possible path to victory for the next general election.

The elections will also be the first polls to take place since a new requirement to show ID at voting stations in Great Britain came into force.

The government argues the rule is necessary to guard against voter fraud, but opposition parties say there is no evidence of this and accuse ministers of voter suppression.

People without the required ID were able to get a free certificate instead. Official figures show about 4% of those without ID signed up to receive one.

The figure does not include people who applied by post or in person. Others may have applied for a different form of valid ID.
• None What photo ID do you need to vote?

A photo of some of the packages which have been found on New South Wales beaches

Five plastic-wrapped packages believed to contain cocaine have washed up on beaches in Sydney, deepening a long-running drug mystery.

Found by beachgoers at Freshwater and Curl Curl on Monday, the parcels - 5kg in total - were seized by police.

They say it is part of a massive shipment of cocaine which has been washing up in bits since December.

Australians are the highest per capita users of cocaine in the world, followed by Britain, according to the OECD.

"As inquiries continue, the public are reminded to report any suspicious package to authorities," NSW Police said in a statement on Tuesday.

More than 250kg of cocaine has been found along the New South Wales seaboard since the first package was spotted in the Central Coast region - about 90km (55 miles) north of Sydney - three days before Christmas.

Since then, packages - most small but some weighing up to 39kg - have been found at more than ten beaches over a 500km stretch of coast.

A lifeguard filmed himself plucking one from the waves at Bondi on New Years Day, and most recently, another parcel was found on Valla Beach in the mid-north coast in March.

It is unclear how the bricks ended up in the ocean.

In January, NSW Police told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation they believed the drugs had originated in South America and likely made their way to Australia via a cargo ship.

"Sometimes we do see where items are deliberately tossed into the ocean to be picked up by another vessel," State Crime Command director Jason Weinstein said.

Some of the found bricks were covered in barnacles, which detectives have analysed and say indicate the packages were in the water no more than six weeks before being discovered.

Australians consumed 16.5 tonnes of methamphetamines, cocaine, heroin and MDMA in the year ending August 2023, according to the national law enforcement agency - representing a 17% increase in usage from the previous 12-month period.

Javad Marandi has donated more than £633,800 to the Conservative Party

A top businessman whose foreign companies were part of a global money laundering investigation is a major donor to the Conservative Party.

Javad Marandi, who has an OBE for business and philanthropy, can be named after losing a 19-month legal battle with the BBC to remain anonymous.

The judgement against him is a milestone for freedom of the press amid growing privacy laws in the courts.

A spokesman for the businessman said: "Mr Marandi is deeply disappointed at the court's decision to lift reporting restrictions, knowing the reputational damage that is likely to follow."

The BBC's reporting on Tuesday prompted an urgent question in the House of Commons from opposition MPs asking for an investigation into Conservative donations.

A National Crime Agency (NCA) investigation found some of Mr Marandi's overseas interests had played a key role in an elaborate money-laundering scheme involving one of Azerbaijan's richest oligarchs.

In January 2022, a judge ruled the NCA could seize £5.6m [$7m] from the London-based family of Javanshir Feyziyev, a member of Azerbaijan's parliament.

Their British bank accounts received cash that had been removed from Azerbaijan in what the judge said had been "a significant money-laundering scheme".

The family have denied that allegation - and at the outset of the hearing, in October 2021, Mr Marandi was granted anonymity in court.

Now, High Court judges have ruled that Mr Marandi can be identified because he had been a "person of importance" in the NCA's case.

Mr Marandi, 55, was born in Iran and grew up in London, where he still lives.

His ties to the Conservative Party emerged through reports of his generous donations. Between 2014 and 2020, he gave £633,800 according to Electoral Commission records.

In February 2022, the Sunday Times reported he was a member of a group of major donors who had access to senior party members, including to then prime minister, Boris Johnson.

Mr Marandi is well known for his philanthropic work and support of the arts

Mr Marandi was described in court as a "highly successful international businessman" with a broad portfolio of business interests in the UK and abroad.

He owns the iconic design brand, The Conran Shop, a stake in Anya Hindmarch Ltd, the luxury handbag firm, and an exclusive private members' club and hotel in Oxfordshire.

Along with his wife, he heads the Marandi Foundation, which funds the Prince and Princess of Wales's charity.

In 2021, Mr Marandi became a special adviser to homelessness charity Centrepoint, providing guidance on how it could expand its work with disadvantaged young people.

None of Mr Marandi's UK businesses or these organisations form any part of the NCA's investigation, which looked at earlier events.

The probe began in 2017, after investigative journalists revealed an enormous money-laundering scheme, which became known as the "Azerbaijani Laundromat".

The Organised Crime and Corruption Reporting Project (OCCRP) revealed how $2.9bn (£2.3bn) of dirty money - cash stolen from Azerbaijan's people and economy - had been spirited away by members of the country's elite. It was largely for their own benefit, but also to bribe European politicians.

Paul Radu, the OCCRP's co-founder, said the Laundromat scheme was one of the most significant examples of post-Soviet looting.

"The Azerbaijani Laundromat brought a lot of damage on many levels to Azerbaijan itself, to the European Union, to the US, and other parts of the world," he said.

"Small businesses lost a lot of money - they had deposits with a bank that was at the centre of the Laundromat."

Those revelations prompted the NCA to investigate the Feyziyev family's finances in the UK - leading to its application, in 2021, to seize some of their UK cash - and the disclosure in court of the link to Mr Marandi.

According to documents from the NCA's case at Westminster Magistrates' Court, the suspect money that made its way to the Feyziyev family accounts in London had originated in bank accounts belonging to a company with neither employees, nor traceable records of its activities.

Fake companies: NCA says money trail began with cash moved into bogus firm in Baku

Based in Baku, Azerbaijan's capital, Baktelekom looked like a state-owned firm that has an almost identical name.

District Judge John Zani found that "substantial funds from this criminal enterprise" were then moved into two bank accounts in the Baltics belonging to Glasgow-registered shell companies.

Some of the cash was then moved onwards to accounts linked to Javanshir Feyziyev and Javad Marandi, according to the NCA.

A series of firms, sharing the name Avromed, were "central" to the transfer of this money.

One of them had been set up in the Seychelles in 2005, with Mr Marandi being its beneficiary.

Court papers show the Avromed Seychelles company received large sums, as shown in the graphic below.

Money flowed into the company from other sources. In total, investigators say it paid out:

Ruling on the NCA's application to seize cash from the Feyziyev family, the judge concluded: "I am satisfied that there is overwhelming evidence that the invoices and contracts purporting to support legitimate (and very substantial) business transactions between Baktelekom, Hilux and Polux were entirely fictitious."

They were produced in order to allow "very significant sums into and out of their accounts so as to mask the underlying money-laundering activities of those orchestrating the accounts".

Seychelles: Company registered here, with a bank account in the Baltic, received cash from Glasgow-registered firms

The National Crime Agency told the court it would "neither confirm nor deny" whether there was an active investigation into Mr Marandi's finances - but the well-known businessman has adamantly denied any involvement in wrongdoing.

His lawyers told the court that between 2012-2017, tight currency controls in Azerbaijan meant he had to use exchange houses in Latvia and Estonia to transfer legitimately-owned dividends from Avromed and other businesses.

"The funds were lawfully earned, and lawfully transferred, and there is no question of money laundering," they said.

Legal battle: Began in October 2021 at outset of major NCA case

When the NCA's case against the Feyziyev family first went to court, Mr Marandi's lawyers argued that revealing his identity would breach his privacy and cause "profound and irremediable" damage to his reputation - not least because no law enforcement body had interviewed or approached him regarding the case.

After the court ruled the NCA could seize millions from the Feyziyev family's British bank accounts, the BBC and London Evening Standard argued it was in the public interest to disclose that some of Mr Marandi's overseas interests had been part of the case.

Judge Zani ruled, in May 2022, that Mr Marandi - who was referred to as MNL - could be named under principles of open justice, saying he had been a "person of importance to the main proceedings".

That ruling triggered more than a year of further challenges by Mr Marandi.

His lawyers succeeded in getting a costly High Court review of Judge Zani's ruling. By this stage, the London Evening Standard had dropped out of the challenge.

Last month, two of the country's most experienced judges ruled the media could name Mr Marandi.

They concluded that open justice was a fundamental principle and that anonymity should only be allowed in exceptional circumstances.

Mr Justice Mostyn said: "My only surprise is that the anonymity order was granted in the first place. For reasons of procedural unfairness as well as a distinct lack of merit, it should never have been granted."

Speaking after losing the case, a spokesman for Mr Marandi said that he not been the subject of the claim against the Feyziyev family, nor a witness.

"It is therefore unjust to be named, without having had the fundamental right to rebut these false findings."

In its decision on Monday evening to allow the BBC to report the story, the Court of Appeal said: "[Mr Marandi] may not have been a party to or a witness in the forfeiture proceedings, but that did not mean that he had no fair opportunity to address the allegations made against him.

"He could have refuted them in detail when he put in his evidence in support of his claim for anonymity. Instead, he chose to rest on a bare denial of wrongdoing.

"Moreover in this case, as the [High Court] held, the forfeiture judgment contained no finding that [the applicant] was guilty of an offence."

Duncan Hames, director of policy at the anti-corruption research group Transparency International UK, said the Conservative Party had questions to answer.

"This is a political bombshell," he said. "We've learned today that someone who's given hundreds of thousands to a British political party has, in the words of the judge, been a person of importance in proceedings before the court about a major money-laundering enterprise.

"That should be a concern, not just to people who are worried about where that money came from, but about what it says about how easily money can reach political parties without [them] doing proper checks on on its origins."

The former Liberal Democrat MP added: "It's not good enough just to check whether someone is on the electoral roll. Our political parties need to be much more careful about who they take money from. "

A Conservative Party spokesperson said in a statement the party only accepts donations from "permissible sources, namely individuals registered on the UK's electoral roll or UK registered companies".

"Donations are properly and transparently declared to the Electoral Commission, openly published by them, and comply fully with the law."

In Parliament, SNP MP Alison Thewliss was granted the urgent question on the implications of the NCA's investigation. She asked Home Office minister Chris Philp to confirm whether Mr Marandi had meetings with ministers or received any government contracts.

Labour MP Margaret Hodge - the former chair of Parliament's Public Accounts Committee - said: "We should take these allegations very seriously. If true, dirty money has well and truly crept into our politics… Will the government bring forward regulations requiring all parties to do due diligence and checks on the source of all political donations".

Mr Philp said the government was "committed to making sure the UK does not have dirty money", and stressed electoral law set out a "stringent regime of donations' controls".

He said the government "does not and cannot comment on investigations being undertaken by law enforcement operations".

BBC News has contacted the Royal Foundation and Centrepoint for comment.

In an earlier version of this story the BBC reported Mr Marandi's Conservative Party donations as £756,300. That figure included donations from another member of his family.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Thunderstorms have brought torrential downpours and flooding to parts of the UK on Monday.

Cars could be seen ploughing through deep puddles after flash flooding in north-west London.

Easyjet said some flights leaving Gatwick Airport had been disrupted after thunderstorms "caused air traffic control delays".

Meanwhile, lightning delayed Manchester City's victory parade celebrating their Treble win by 30 minutes.

Official weather warnings have now passed for Monday, but two storm warnings are in place for Northern Ireland and Scotland on Tuesday.

The yellow warnings, which mean storms may bring some disruption, will cover much of Northern Ireland, and a western area of Scotland from 12:00 BST to 21:00.

BBC Weather meteorologist Stav Danaos said a number of thunderstorms in the Midlands had brought intense downpours in places, with Woburn in Bedfordshire catching 26.4mm in one hour on Monday afternoon.

Tuesday will be drier and more settled, with large amounts of sunshine, BBC Weather said. There could be some isolated showers and cloud in the afternoon, mainly in western areas. Later in the week, temperatures are expected to be less humid.

It is hard to tie specific weather events to climate change, but we do know that extreme weather is becoming more likely and more intense because of human-induced climate change.

Drumnadrochit, on the western shore of Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands, saw 32.4mm in one hour, followed by another 10.6mm in the following hour. Other parts of Scotland had their hottest day of the year so far, with Threave in Dumfries and Galloway reaching 30.1C.

There were around 7,500 lighting strikes recorded nationwide, with more expected.

Despite the poor weather causing delays, thousands of Manchester City fans lined streets in the city centre for the open-top parade celebrating the club's Treble.

Many of the club's players - including star striker Erling Haaland - were unfazed by the rain, taking their shirts off as they paraded their silverware around the city.

Former City goalkeeper Shay Given told BBC Radio 5 Live he had experienced "rain, hailstones and wind - four seasons in one hour".

Thousands of Manchester City fans braved poor weather for the club's open-top parade celebrating its Treble

Meanwhile, Luton and Dunstable Hospital in Bedfordshire asked people to only attend its emergency department for life-threatening illness and injuries because of "localised flooding". Heavy rain also caused flood-flashing in the centre of Stroud, Gloucestershire.

Some flight cancellations were also reported at London Heathrow.

The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has also issued an amber alert for hot weather until 09:00 BST on Tuesday in the West Midlands, East Midlands, east of England, South East and South West.

It means high temperatures could affect all ages and impact the health service.

Sadiq Khan, the mayor of London, has also issued a high air pollution alert for Tuesday, the second of the year, caused by high temperatures and pollution travelling from Europe.

He urged people to avoid unnecessary car journeys, and instead to walk, cycle or take public transport.

David Baker, James Evans, Mark Smith, Natalie Wellington and Tracey Baker (clockwise, from top left) were given the longest prison sentences

Twenty-one people have been convicted for their parts in the largest ever child sex abuse case investigated by West Midlands Police.

The offending against seven children, who were 12 years old or younger, took place over nearly a decade in Walsall and Wolverhampton.

The abuse came to light after concerns were raised following a hospital visit by one of the victims.

Thirteen of the defendants have been jailed with four to be sentenced later.

The offences against the children were "some of the most shocking abuse that I've seen in my career", Det Ch Supt Paul Drover said.

"They have been through a significant amounts of trauma. To get the confidence to come forward and to talk to care professionals, to police is huge and I am genuinely thankful," he added.

Kirsty Webb, Phillip Wellington, Ann Clare, Pamela Howells (clockwise, from top left) were among those jailed

Of those already imprisoned, sentences range from 28 months to life. Four people have been given non-custodial sentences.

The case can only now be reported because a series of trials which began last year has ended.

West Midlands Police said the victims, some of whom were now adults, suffered "significant physical and mental harm".

The force's investigation took six years and the trial process was delayed due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and lockdowns.

The children who were abused were in a "much better place at this moment in time", Det Ch Insp Joanne Floyd said.

"Their reaction is probably one of stoicism and they take no joy in the experience. There are no winners in the situation and they in no way feel happy or glad," she added.

Prison sentences were also given to Lee Webb, David Evans, Jason Evans and Luke Baker (clockwise, from top left)

Twenty two people were prosecuted during the three trials which can now be reported. They faced numerous charges including child sex abuse and child cruelty offences:

Tina Jones, 62, of Springfields, Rushall, was found not guilty by the court.

Det Ch Supt Paul Drover said the children suffered "some of the most shocking abuse that I've seen in my career"

Three trials were held due to the sheer number of defendants involved and only one of the 21 showed any remorse, chief crown prosecutor Joanne Jakymec said.

"The offenders in this case perpetrated the most appalling catalogue of sexual abuse of the utmost gravity causing the victims physical harm and extreme psychological harm," she added.

Walsall Safeguarding Partnership (WSP) is responsible for safeguarding vulnerable children and adults in the area and is carrying out a review of the case.

Several children and young people who were affected by the case were still being supported and cared for by agencies, WSP's independent chair Sally Hodges said.

A recent inspection in the area found children who needed help and protection in the borough received a coordinated and effective response, she added.

"There is no room for complacency, but we have confidence in the professional practice to identify and respond to concerns or risk relating to sexual abuse," Ms Hodges said.

If you are affected by issues raised in this article help and support is available via the BBC Action Line.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The AA has joined campaigners in calling for all existing smart motorways to be scrapped.

It comes after the government cancelled the building of all new smart motorways over cost and safety concerns.

Smart motorways are a stretch of road where technology is used to regulate traffic flow and ease congestion.

They also use the hard shoulder as an extra lane of traffic, which critics claim has led to road deaths.

Some 14 planned schemes, including 11 already on pause and three set for construction, will be scrapped due to finances and low public confidence.

Edmund King, president of the AA, told the BBC he welcome the government's move but that it needed to go further and restore a permanent hard shoulder to 375 miles of existing smart motorways.

"Basically drivers don't trust them, the technology is not fool proof, and 37% of breakdowns on smart motorways happen in live lanes. And basically those drivers are sitting ducks."

The RAC meanwhile said existing smart motorways - which make up about 10% of England's motorway network - now had to be made "as safe as possible".

"The possibility of converting all lane running stretches to the 'dynamic hard shoulder' configuration, where the hard shoulder is open and closed depending on the levels of traffic, could be one option the government considers," said RAC road safety spokesman Simon Williams.

Under the government's plan, existing smart motorways will remain and undergo a previously announced safety refit to create 150 more emergency stopping places and improved technology.

Conservative Party Chairman Greg Hands told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg programme: "We will not approve any new smart motorways, clearly as a result of public concern and safety concern. And we're going to keep a close eye on the situation with the existing smart motorways."

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak - who pledged to ban smart motorways during his leadership campaign - said "all drivers deserve to have confidence in the roads they use to get around the country".

The Department for Transport said the new schemes would have cost more than £1bn, and cancelling them would allow time to track public trust in smart motorways over a longer period.

There are three main types:

All three models use overhead gantries to direct drivers. Variable speed limits are introduced to control traffic flow when there is congestion, or if there is a hazard ahead. These limits are controlled by speed cameras.

Seven of the 14 projects that have been cancelled were going to involve converting stretches of motorway into "all-lane running" roads where the hard shoulder is permanently removed.

They will now remain as "dynamic" smart motorways where the hard shoulder can be opened as an extra lane during busy times.

The construction of two stretches of smart motorway from junctions six to eight on the M56, and from 21a to 26 on the M6, will continue as they are already more than three quarters complete.

Smart motorways were developed to create more capacity and cut congestion on roads, without spending money and causing disruption building news ones.

However, they have been criticised by MPs and road safety bodies, including the AA and RAC.

Claire Mercer, whose husband died on a smart motorway in South Yorkshire in 2019, welcomed the move but pledged to continue campaigning for the hard shoulder to return on every road.

Mrs Mercer said: "I'm particularly happy that it's been confirmed that the routes that are in planning, in progress, have also been cancelled. I didn't think they'd do that.

"So it's good news, but obviously it's the existing ones that are killing us. And I'm not settling for more emergency refuge areas."

A spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats said the scrapping of further smart motorways was "long overdue".

Louise Haigh MP, Labour's transport secretary, said: "We know smart motorways, coupled with inadequate safety systems, are not fit for purpose and are putting lives at risk", adding that ministers should "reinstate hard shoulders on existing smart motorways".

These motorway sections will no longer become new all-lane-running smart motorways:

The following stretches were due to be converted to all-lane-running, but will remain dynamic smart motorways:

Schemes for the following motorways were in the pipeline, but have been cancelled:

Meera Naran, whose eight-year-old son was killed on a smart motorway in 2018 when the stationary car he was in was hit by a lorry, said the government's announcement was a "huge achievement" but she would continue campaigning.

She said smart motorways and regular motorways "carry very different benefits and risks" and suggested merging both models.

Dev died when his grandfather had to stop their car on the M6 at a time when the hard shoulder was being used for moving traffic

Speaking on BBC One's Breakfast programme, Ms Naran said she would campaign for what she called "controlled motorways" which use the technology of smart motorways with the benefits of a hard shoulder.

In 2020, a BBC Panorama investigation found 38 people had died in the previous five years on smart motorways.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. In video purporting to show the strike, a light aircraft - thought to be modified to fly unmanned - is seen hitting a building

Ukraine has claimed responsibility for a drone attack in Russia's Tatarstan region - more than 1,300km (807 miles) from the Ukraine-Russia border.

The strikes, in which 12 people were injured, are the deepest into Russian territory since the start of the war.

Local authorities said that the strikes hit the town of Yelabuga, where drones are thought to be produced, and an oil refinery in nearby Nizhnekamsk.

Yelabuga is located in the Alabuga "special economic zone" - an area with a special legal system aimed at attracting foreign investment. Iranian Shahed drones - which are frequently used by Russia to attack Ukraine - are thought to be assembled in Yelabuga.

According to media reports, at least 12 people - all of them students - were injured in Yelabuga.

Tatarstan regional leader Rustam Minnikhanov said the drones caused "no serious" damage to infrastructure in either location and that production operations were unaffected.

However, Ukraine's military intelligence said the strike in Yelabuga "caused significant destruction of production facilities".

Shortly after the attacks, a video circulated online purporting to show a light aircraft - thought to have been modified to fly unmanned - descending onto a building in Yelabuga before exploding, sending a fireball into the air.

On Tuesday morning, drones were also spotted in the Lipetsk region south of Moscow and an air raid alert was introduced, local authorities said.

For several months now, Kyiv has been ramping up its drone attacks on Russian territory.

Ukraine has warned repeatedly that its army is facing severe ammunition shortages, but has set a target of producing a million drones domestically this year.

Earlier this year, Ukraine was reportedly able to hit a major gas export terminal near the city of St Petersburg, 1,250km (775 miles) from the Ukraine-Russia border.

A number of workers at the RNLI have raised some concerns about sexist and bigoted behaviour at the organisation.

Internal surveys from 2021 and 2022 on the attitudes of staff and volunteers working at the UK lifeboat charity cite sexism and bullying.

The documents, first reported by the Times, have been seen by the BBC.

The RNLI told the BBC it was sorry to anyone who had faced "behaviours and actions that no one should have to tolerate" and "will act".

The organisation, which has more than 30,000 staff and volunteers, had about 3,600 survey responses over two years, mostly positive comments.

But the survey results show concerns also included "blame" culture, misogyny, being overworked, and a lack of space to openly call out inappropriate behaviour.

In the 2022 survey, one female respondent recounts being "repeatedly" called sexist terms by male colleagues.

"I have not once felt like the RNLI supports women or minorities," she said, adding that she would not recommend it "as an employer to anybody".

A comment in the previous year's survey described the level of sexism at RNLI stations and around the coast as "abhorrent".

"I have never been at a station/around a branch and not heard an inappropriate comment or joke regarding race, sex or sexual orientation".

Matters reported to senior members were "not dealt with effectively and timely," the person said, leading to some individuals getting away with "disgraceful behaviour".

A respondent to the 2022 survey said their mental health has been affected by many factors, including a lack of holding people to account, being overworked and "awful misogyny".

Bullying was mentioned in a number of survey responses. There were no specific examples given but a respondent to the 2022 poll talked about experiencing a "culture of bullying and harassment".

But colleagues were praised for being "caring" by many survey respondents, and one comment says the RNLI is "very inclusive of everyone and the relationships in the team make it a great place to work".

The RNLI's Code of Conduct says volunteers must not "participate in any form of inappropriate behaviour or activity", including bullying, harassment or unlawful discrimination.

Sue Barnes, RNLI's People Director, said: "We are sorry to our volunteers and staff who have faced behaviours and actions that no one should have to tolerate.

"There is no place for misogynistic, sexist, and non-inclusive behaviours at the RNLI and we are committed to taking action and tackling such behaviour."

She added that it has a "range of methods" members can use to report unacceptable behaviour, including a whistleblowing reporting line.

"We know we have more work to do to ensure we become the truly inclusive lifesaving charity we strive to be," she said.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Energy prices could spike this winter forcing governments to step in and subsidise bills again, the head of the International Energy Agency has said.

If the Chinese economy strengthens quickly and there is a harsh winter, gas prices could rise, putting pressure on consumers, Fatih Birol said.

He added that governments should push for energy-saving and boost renewables.

However, a UK government spokesperson said annual energy bills are set to fall by an average £430 this month.

Gas prices soared after Russia's invasion of Ukraine, driving up energy bills around the world.

A number of governments then stepped in with support for households, including in the UK, to try to soften the blow to consumers.

The IEA is an agency that works with governments and industry to provide data, analysis and recommend policies.

Mr Birol told the BBC's Today programme that many European governments made "strategic mistakes", including an over-reliance on Russia for energy, and that foreign policy had been "blindfolded" by short-term commercial decisions.

He said this winter "we cannot rule out" another spike in gas prices.

"In a scenario where the Chinese economy is very strong, buys a lot of energy from the markets, and we have a harsh winter, we may see strong upward pressure under natural gas prices, which in turn will put an extra burden on consumers," he said.

The Chinese economy had been bouncing back after Covid restrictions were lifted, but recently its economy has been slowing down.

Ratings agency S&P Global this week cut its forecast for Chinese growth, saying "the risk is that its recovery loses more steam amid weak confidence among consumers and in the housing market".

Investment banks including Goldman Sachs have also been cutting forecasts for Chinese growth.

Nevertheless, Mr Birol said governments including the UK should "continue to push measures to save energy, especially as we enter the winter".

They should also push renewable technologies so they "see the light of day as soon as possible" and cut the time it takes for them to get permits, and look for "alternative energy options", he said.

He said he "wouldn't rule out blackouts" this winter as "part of the game".

"We do not know yet how strongly the Chinese economy will rebound," he said.

National Grid said last winter that short power cuts were a possibility - in the end, this was not necessary.

A UK government spokesperson said: "We spent billions to protect families when prices rose over winter covering nearly half a typical household's energy bill, with them set to fall by around £430 on average from this month."

Domestic gas and electricity bills in the UK fell at the weekend after a change to the energy price cap came into force, and a further, smaller fall is expected this winter.

However, with the annual energy bill of a typical household set to be about £2,000, costs are still much higher than the pre-pandemic norm.

Last week the head of Centrica, which owns British Gas, warned energy bills were likely to stay high for the foreseeable future.

Russia's war in Ukraine led to a "gold rush" of new fossil fuel exploration, and the UK defied climate warnings by issuing a new licensing round for North Sea oil and gas.

More than 100 applications have been submitted to drill for new oil and gas in the North Sea.

This was at odds with international climate scientists who say fossil fuel projects should be closed down, not expanded.

They say there can be no new projects if there is to be a chance of keeping global temperature rises under 1.5C.

Mr Birol said "if the world is serious" about the "climate cause" then "we have to reduce the use of oil and gas significantly in the next years to come".

If we can reduce consumption, existing oil and gas fields will be enough to meet declining demand, he added.

He said he has discussions with the chief executives of UK oil companies.

Mr Birol said he has "no problem" with oil firms making profits, but if they say: "I am going to increase my production by four million barrels per day, and my company's strategy is in line with the Paris Climate Agreement - it doesn't work, there is a problem here."

The Rosebank field in the North Sea, which has the potential to produce 500 million barrels of oil, could be approved by the government within weeks.

The UK government said it was "committed to reaching net zero by 2050 and have already come a long way to meet that target, cutting emissions faster than any other G7 country while keeping the economy growing and with low-carbon sources like renewables and nuclear providing half of the UK's electricity generation".

But a spokesperson added "the transition to cleaner energy cannot happen overnight and we will continue to need oil and gas over the coming decades, as recognised by the independent Climate Change Committee".

Emma Pinchbeck, the chief executive of Energy UK, which represents British energy companies, told the BBC's Today programme that the long-term solution to high bills "is to invest in renewables and energy efficiency to make sure that we're not reliant on volatile international gas".

"We expect that investment in more infrastructure in renewables and energy efficiency and alternative technologies to deliver cheaper bills in the long run... and that's why it's so important that we move quickly, particularly with increased international competition for these technologies."

Here are some energy saving ideas from environmental scientist Angela Terry, who set up One Home, a social enterprise that shares green, money-saving tips:

Are you struggling to pay your energy bills? Are you concerned about a potential spike in prices this winter? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A thick crust of black ash has settled on the pavements and roads in the centre of Jenin.

It comes from barricades of burning tyres set up by young Palestinian men, who prowl streets where they might see an Israeli jeep. Some of them carry rocks or small home-made bombs to hurl at passing Israeli vehicles. In sporadic bursts, gunfire and explosions echo in the refugee camp, which is on high ground above the town centre. Israeli drones buzz constantly overhead.

At times, armed Palestinians emerge from the tyre smoke to fire at the Israelis.

Violence between Palestinians and Israelis has become almost a daily event this year. When blood is spilt there is often a dynamic of retaliation, that includes Palestinian armed groups, Jews who live in settlements in the occupied West Bank that are illegal under international law, and the Israeli army. The Israelis said they moved in on the Jenin camp because more than 50 relatively recent attacks were launched from there.

But the roots of violence, despair and hatred go much deeper than the latest violent confrontations. They thrive in the poison generated by a conflict over possession of the land that started more than a century ago. For a while, back in the 1990s, there were hopes that peace might come if an independent Palestinian state could be established alongside Israel, the so-called two-state solution. The attempt failed.

Powerful Western countries, including the US, European Union members and the UK still insist that two states are the only possible solution. Their words are empty slogans. The last American attempt to try to make the idea work collapsed in 2014.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Israeli operation here in Jenin was in the air for months. Despite regular smaller Israeli raids, Palestinian armed groups had become strong enough and united enough to control the Jenin refugee camp. They seemed to be getting stronger.

A fortnight ago they blew up an Israeli jeep and fought hard to repel an Israeli raid, in which the Palestinian dead included a 15-year-old girl. The next day four Israelis were killed by two Palestinians who burst into a restaurant not far from Jenin, where they were eating. The Israeli army protected Jewish settlers who rampaged through Palestinian villages burning cars and houses, in a series of reprisals.

It was a matter of time before the Israeli army moved against the Palestinians who controlled Jenin refugee camp. It says it is carrying out a systematic operation to track down and destroy weapons and explosives.

Fury and frustration rage through young Palestinian men who have gathered in angry knots at road junctions in the town and outside a hospital on the edge of the Jenin refugee camp. Their barricades of burning tyres leave behind black circles and piles of burnt rubber and twisted wire.

The Israeli army is releasing updates on explosives discovered and neutralised in the two days it has been in the camp, along with what it calls terrorist command centres. The business-like tone of the military communiques contrasts with the statements made by members of the Israeli cabinet who oppose any kind of Palestinian self-determination.

After a Palestinian was shot dead in Tel Aviv by a passer-by, after he had rammed his car into a crowd of Israelis, public security minister Itamar Ben Gvir issued a statement saying Israel's war in Jenin was also their war in Tel Aviv. Every Jew, he said, was a target for murderers.

Mr Ben Gvir and his political allies have been pressing for a punitive sweep through the West Bank to deal with their enemies. The Israeli army is more cautious, as it is more worried about the risks and consequences of escalation. All the indications are the Israeli army would like to restrict its operation to the Jenin refugee camp, declare victory soon and order its soldiers back to their bases.

Israeli victories after an operation like this never last long. Palestinian armed groups restock their armouries and the cycle begins again. Plans to expand settlements for Jews on occupied land that Palestinians want for a state, sometimes called a Zionist response by Israeli politicians, also raise the temperature.

Many Palestinians are disenchanted with their own ageing and ineffective leaders in the Palestinian Authority, a legacy of the 1990s peace process that was supposed back then to build the institutions necessary to create their own state.

When this operation ends, on past form both sides will claim victory. Then the current realities of this long conflict will reassert themselves. Anger, despair and poverty will reinforce the culture of resistance that has embedded itself in Palestinian society, especially here in Jenin and in Nablus. And Israel's right-wing, hyper-nationalist government, as long as it lasts, will try to match its rhetoric with action.

The real danger is that Israelis and Palestinians are sliding into an even more violent phase of their long conflict.

Rachel Crooks, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey at a press conference after accusing Trump of sexual harassment in 2017 Image caption: Rachel Crooks, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey at a press conference after accusing Trump of sexual harassment in 2017

Carroll is not the only woman to accuse Trump of sexual misconduct.

Over two dozen women have come forward with accusations against Trump in recent years.

The alleged incidents stretched as far back as the 1970s, with accusations that Trump reached up their skirts, touched, or kissed them without their consent.

As he did with Carroll, Trump has denied all the allegations, and has claimed women who spoke out were lying or politically motivated.

Some of these women told their stories during the 2016 election. Jessica Leeds said that Trump had groped her without consent on an airplane in the 1970s.

Leeds appeared as a witness in Carroll's trial and told the jury that Trump "was trying to kiss me, trying to pull me towards him. He was grabbing my breasts. It was like he had 40 zillion hands. It was like a tussling match between the two of us.”

Rachel Crooks, who spoke to the New York Times, accused Trump of kissing her without permission during a Trump Tower encounter in 2005.

Jill Harth sued Trump for sexual harassment in 1997. She said that Trump pushed her against a wall, put his hand up her skirt, and forcibly kissed her.

But no woman has come close to earning $5m in damages from Trump for their alleged encounters, E Jean Carroll is the first.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Arsenal overcame the absence of Bukayo Saka to move back to the top of the Premier League table with victory over struggling Luton at Emirates Stadium.

Leading scorer Saka was missing after suffering a knock against Manchester City at the weekend, but Mikel Arteta's much-changed side did enough to defeat their hard-working opponents and move back above Liverpool at the summit.

Captain Martin Odegaard fired the hosts into the lead in the 24th minute after Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu was bundled off the ball by Emile Smith Rowe, before the Gunners doubled their advantage shortly before half-time.

Japan defender Daiki Hashioka inadvertently put past his own keeper Thomas Kaminski in the 44th minute while trying to stop Reiss Nelson after Smith Rowe was afforded too much space in the penalty area.

Luton were decimated by injuries to the extent that they had 16-year-old schoolboy defender Christian Chigozie on the substitutes bench.

They never allowed Arsenal to run away with it, while Gunners keeper David Raya was forced to keep out Ross Barkley's free-kick on the stroke of half-time.

Arsenal, however, were largely untroubled as they moved on to 68 points - one point clear of Liverpool, who play bottom-of-the-table Sheffield United at Anfield on Thursday (19:30 BST kick-off).

Manchester City are third, also on 67 points, after they defeated Aston Villa 4-1 on Wednesday.
• None Access all of our Luton content

Gunners get the job done

Having seen Arsenal at their defensive best to frustrate title rivals Manchester City in Sunday's hard-fought goalless draw at Etihad Stadium, the Gunners returned to goalscoring form against Luton.

With just three points separating the top three at the start of the day, goal difference could play a vital role in this most enthralling of title races.

Arsenal's 21st Premier League win of the season moved them on to plus-48, while Liverpool are on plus-40 and Manchester City are on plus-38.

Arteta made five changes for the visit of relegation-threatened Luton, with the likes of Declan Rice, Gabriel Jesus and Jorginho given a rest before a busy spell of games which includes two mouth-watering fixtures with Bayern Munich in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.

While Arsenal will hope Saka is back for Saturday's game at Brighton, they got the job done against Luton without too much drama and with some of their fringe players getting a first outing for some time.

Nelson was handed his first Premier League start since 2020 while Partey and Smith Rowe both made rare starts.

Yet it is Kai Havertz who continues to impress.

The German showed why he has such an important role to play at the business end of the season with another assist to add to his eight Premier League goals when he teed-up Odegaard to set Arsenal on their way.

He has now been directly involved in 12 goals in the Premier League this season (8 goals, 4 assists), the most he has contributed in a single season in the competition.

No disgrace but Luton must start winning again

Arsenal away was never going to be easy for Luton, whose ludicrous injury list left them without the services of 11 players, and a 2-0 defeat to a team chasing a Premier League and Champions League double is no disgrace.

Although the hosts were comfortable winners in the end, Rob Edwards' patched-up side arrived with a plan and made the Gunners work hard for their win.

It is a credit to Edwards and his players that the team with the smallest budget in the Premier League still have a fighting chance of staying up with seven matches left.

But the Hatters, who are three points from safety, are now without a victory in 10 Premier League games and must find a way to start winning again.

This Saturday's home match with in-form Bournemouth is crucial, as are the home games that follow against Brentford (20 April), Everton (4 May) and Fulham on the final day on 19 May.
• None Attempt missed. Ross Barkley (Luton Town) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Daiki Hashioka with a cross.
• None Attempt missed. Luke Berry (Luton Town) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Issa Kaboré with a cross.
• None Attempt saved. Eddie Nketiah (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jorginho.
• None Attempt blocked. Daiki Hashioka (Luton Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Takehiro Tomiyasu (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Leandro Trossard. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Increasing the number of Welsh-medium teachers is a "challenge", the Welsh government says

Plans for a million Welsh speakers by 2050 will fail without a substantial increase in teachers speaking the language, a Senedd report has warned.

According to the 2021 Census, the number of Welsh speakers has dropped from 562,000 to 538,000 since 2011.

The report said there was not enough staff for the expansion to Welsh medium education needed and insufficient Welsh teaching in English-medium schools.

Ministers said they had set out ways to develop the Welsh-speaking workforce.

Census data also found a decrease in children and young people able to speak Welsh - particularly between the ages of three and 15.

The Welsh government funds training programmes for teachers wanting to learn or improve their Welsh.

Dyfodol i'r Iaith (Future for the Language), which campaigns to increase the numbers of Welsh speakers, estimates 17,000 teachers would need to be enrolled on the programmes to hit the million target by 2050.

The report, by the Senedd's culture and Welsh language committee, calls for major investment to ensure more teachers, teaching assistants and lecturers sign up for the schemes.

It also recommends ministers consider developing an accreditation system for teachers who teach in Welsh.

"This would ensure that teachers have the skills to teach through the medium of Welsh where the linguistic and cultural needs of each school or area are different," the report said.

"This should include the need to look at how courses are designed and how teachers are trained to teach Welsh in English medium settings."

Committee chairwoman, Plaid Cymru MS Delyth Jewell, warned the million Welsh speakers aim was in "serious jeopardy".

"It's clear that having enough teachers who can speak Welsh is crucial to addressing this issue and we need the Welsh government to show real ambition over the next few years," she said.

"More teachers should be encouraged to learn Welsh and those working in early-years education should also be able to access the same opportunities."

But Ms Jewell said a "one-size fits all approach" might not always work as the "linguistic map of Wales is quite varied".

The Welsh government said: "We have published the Welsh in Education Workforce Plan which sets out a number of ambitious steps we will take with our partners to develop the workforce over the next 10 years.

"We will respond to the committee's report in due course."

Ukraine's reigning Eurovision champions Kalush Orchestra have got the party started in this year's host city Liverpool with a performance to open the fan village.

The band kicked off the official Eurovision build-up on Friday, watched by fans on Liverpool's waterfront.

The celebrations will continue until the grand final on Saturday, 13 May.

Kalush's Tymofii Muzychuk said the band members were sad it was impossible to hold this year's Eurovision in Ukraine.

The UK his hosting Eurovision 2023 on behalf of Ukraine

The winning country normally hosts the contest the following year, but organisers decided it was too dangerous to stage the annual extravaganza in Ukraine following Russia's invasion.

Instead, the UK - which came second with Sam Ryder in 2022 - is hosting this year's event on behalf of Ukraine.

"It's good that it's being staged in the UK," Muzychuk continued. "We see lots of Ukrainian colours, and the main thing is safety."

Kalush Orchestra will also perform at the Eurovision grand final

The musician told BBC News he wanted this year's contest to send a message to the world to not forget about Ukraine.

"The war in Ukraine is continuing," he said. "It's not finished yet and we want to remind people that they shouldn't lose track of it and it should be in the headlines."

Many people in the country will be watching the contest, he added. "They'll be supporting and rooting for Ukraine.

"Of course we are sad that it's not being staged in Ukraine but I hope that the UK entry wins, then we can swap and hold Eurovision in Ukraine [in 2024]."

Some Ukrainians living in Liverpool turned out to see Kalush Orchestra

Some fans waved Ukrainian flags as they watched the band, while others wore pink bucket hats - following the trend started by frontman Oleh Psiuk.

Kalush Orchestra will also perform at the grand final, opening the show with a performance titled Voices of a New Generation.

As well as the final and semi-finals, Liverpool is staging many other events around the city, including daily shows at the 15,000-capacity Eurovision Village.

On Friday, a special supergroup featuring musicians from Merseyside and Ukraine performed after Kalush Orchestra under the banner Welcome to Eurotopia.

The UK members included Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark singer Andy McCluskey, singers Jane Weaver and Natalie McCool and art-pop group Stealing Sheep, while Helleroid, Krapka;KOMA and Iryna Muha represented Ukraine.

Friday also saw a street parade as part of a a Eurovision-themed cultural festival. The Blue and Yellow Submarine Parade was inspired by the colours of the Ukrainian flag along with the song and film by Liverpool's most famous musical exports, The Beatles.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Entry to the fan village is free except for grand final day, which is ticketed and already sold out.

All the build-up, insights and analysis is explored each week on a BBC podcast called Eurovisioncast.

Eurovisioncast is available on BBC Sounds, or search wherever you get your podcasts from.

A small British military reconnaissance team is in Sudan to consider evacuation options, as pressure builds on the government to rescue more UK nationals.

Defence minister James Heappey confirmed troops are there - but no evacuation plan has yet been announced.

On Sunday, the UK airlifted diplomats and their families out of Sudan in a military operation.

But thousands of UK passport holders remain in the country, where hundreds have died amid street gun battles.

Violence broke out on 15 April, primarily in the capital city Khartoum, between rival military factions battling for control of Africa's third largest country.

Around 4,000 UK citizens are thought to be in Sudan and 2,000 of them have already requested help, Foreign Office minister Andrew Mitchell told MPs on Tuesday.

Hundreds of people have been airlifted from Sudan by other countries, including more than 1,000 people by European Union nations. Five British people were among nearly 200 people evacuated by Saudi Arabia.

Some UK nationals have said they felt abandoned by the government.

Amar Osman, a British citizen from Dunfermline in Fife, told the BBC he feared his family would die in Sudan unless they could get themselves out after becoming trapped north of the capital.

"It's getting worse by the minute, so we're thinking of evacuating by road to Egypt," said Mr Osman, who was visiting relatives when fighting began.

"I'm doing it all by myself. I'm getting the money together, I'm getting all my family together. There's six of us."

News of a 72 hour ceasefire due to come into effect from midnight on Tuesday will raise hopes that a mass evacuation may be more feasible, but previous agreements between the warring parties have failed to hold.

The BBC understands a small military team landed in Port Sudan, more than 500 miles from Khartoum, to assess potential routes out.

Work is under way to provide the prime minister with several options, defence sources said, and it is understood two Royal Navy ships are already in the region - the frigate HMS Lancaster which was already at sea, and supply ship RFA Cardigan Bay which is in Bahrain where it was undergoing maintenance.

Mr Mitchell urged anyone trapped in Sudan to stay indoors where possible but to "exercise their own judgement about whether to relocate", adding they "do so at their own risk".

He told the Commons that Khartoum's main airport, where there has been fighting in recent days, was "out of action". Energy and communications were disrupted, while food and water were becoming "increasingly scarce", he said.

Defence sources told the BBC any Sudan evacuation would be more difficult than the August 2021 Afghanistan airlift, due to fighting around the capital and an absence of troops already on the ground.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Khartoum is "more dynamic, more dangerous" than Kabul was at the time, they said, with armed clashes happening "in the neighbourhoods where western nationals are most heavily concentrated".

Commenting on the advice being issued to people trapped in Sudan, the defence source added: "If you tell people to stay at home they may be less likely to get shot. But the availability of food and water in the city is increasingly limited.

"If you tell people to leave home it's towards safety. Then they get closer to food and water but they might be at increased risk."

Responding to questions from MPs, Mr Mitchell also confirmed that neither the UK's ambassador to Sudan nor the deputy head of mission were in the country when the conflict began.

A team of 200 officials is working around the clock in the Foreign Office to provide consular assistance to those who need it, and regular updates are being issued, he added.

British doctor Iman Abu Gargar told the BBC she was able to leave with the French evacuation because Irish passport holders, including her son, were able to join.

Speaking from Djibouti, which lies to the east of Sudan, Dr Gargar said she felt left behind by the UK. She said she was forced to leave her father there, adding: "There were only difficult decisions to make. I hope no-one has to make the decisions I had to make."

Some MPs have put pressure on the government to speed up efforts, including Alicia Kearns, the Tory chairwoman of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, who told the Commons that "time is running out".

Labour's shadow minister for Africa, Lyn Brown, said what people trapped in Sudan need to hear "is a clear plan on how the government will support those still in danger and how they will communicate with them and when".

She added: "Naturally, questions will be asked about whether the government has learned the lessons of the chaotic Afghanistan withdrawal."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A successful operation to rescue diplomats and their families was carried out over the weekend, after gun battles broke out around the embassy in Khartoum.

The BBC understands that UK special forces troops landed in Khartoum on Saturday alongside the US evacuation team.

Military vehicles were used to rescue embassy staff and transport them to an airport outside the capital, before they were flown to Cyprus.

Around 1,200 personnel from the Army, Royal Navy and Royal Air Force were involved in the rescue, and a C-130 Hercules and Airbus A400M transport aircraft were used.

Mr Heappey, who holds the armed forces portfolio in the MoD, said the embassy rescue mission "went without a hitch" despite its complexity but that the "job isn't done".

The situation on the ground is at times "extremely dangerous", he said, and the "window in which the environment is permissive is rarely long enough in which to do the military options".

Mr Heappey admitted the UK had been caught out by the rapid deterioration in Sudan, adding: "It is fair to say that nobody in the UK government nor really in the wider international community saw fighting of this ferocity breaking out in the way that it did."

Around 400 UK nationals in Sudan hold only a British passport, while about 4,000 more are dual citizens, Mr Mitchell told the Commons.

Another Cobra meeting - an emergency response committee made up of ministers, civil servants and others - was held on Monday to discuss the situation.

UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres told a meeting of the UN Security Council that the situation in Sudan was worsening and the country was on "the edge of the abyss".

"The violence must stop. It risks a catastrophic conflagration within Sudan that could engulf the whole region and beyond," he said.

Sudan has experienced a near total internet outage in recent days, but BBC Monitoring reported that some connectivity was returning on Monday night.

Sian Williams and her daughter Efa were left £250 out of pocket

When Sian Williams was offered tickets to see Taylor Swift in concert, she jumped at the chance.

But within seconds of transferring £250, she knew she'd been scammed.

"It makes me angry because it was so realistic," said the mum-of-two from Gwynedd, who thought she was buying from a trustworthy mutual friend.

Consumer watchdogs are warning others to beware of similarly sophisticated online cons.

Sian had promised her 18-year-old daughter Efa she would take her to see Swift's The Eras Tour this summer after finishing her A-level exams.

After missing out on the official ticket sale in 2023 - Swift's show in Cardiff due to take place this June sold out in minutes - she was put in touch with someone who claimed to have four tickets to the US pop idol's Liverpool date.

"I didn't think anything of it because it was a friend of a friend," said Sian, from Blaenau Ffestiniog.

They asked for £500 for four tickets, providing screenshots of each and details about the seating arrangements.

But Sian and Efa's bank account set-up meant they could only transfer a maximum of £250 at a time, which they began to do after sharing their details with the scammer via WhatsApp.

Sensing something was not right, the family then refused to pay the second instalment and instead contacted their bank, which has since started an investigation.

Sian said the scammer "absolutely impersonated" her mutual friend, adding that people should be careful not to do "unwise things in the heat of the moment" because "once that money's sent it can't be retrieved".

"It's just £250 that's literally gone to waste," she added.

"We're out of pocket and still haven't got any tickets."

Tickets for Taylor Swift's date in Cardiff in June sold out in minutes

Sian added that, as a seasoned ticket buyer, she thought she was "quite savvy online" but has chosen to share her experience in an effort to prevent it from happening to others.

Also, last month saw 24-year old Indigo Jones from Swansea contacted by friends asking if she was still selling her Taylor Swift tickets.

She quickly realised her social media accounts had been hacked and her profiles used by scammers to advertise tickets that didn't exist.

"I feel so so guilty, especially because there's nothing I can do about it other than to try raising awareness about it," she said.

Indigo added that, while some of her friends were contacted by a hacker posing as her, nobody that she knows of has lost money or been defrauded as a result.

"Personally I think this is something I would have fallen for as well, because it did look so real," she said.

Emily Seymour, a consumer expert at Which?, described ticket scams such as these as "really common".

Swift's show in Cardiff will take place in June

She added that fraudsters target people "desperate" to see big shows who are "under pressure to make a quick purchase".

Her advice is to "take a moment" before rushing into buying anything and to check that you are sending your money to a legitimate person.

If you are worried you have been victim to an online scam, she suggests contacting your bank to report the fraud as soon as possible and discuss the protections they may provide.

"You can also contact Action Fraud or the police in terms of getting that money back," she added.

"Unfortunately, if you've made a bank transfer, directly paying from your account into somebody else's, it's a bit more difficult to get your money back.

"We'd really recommend you don't use that method of payment."

Have you been scammed when buying Taylor Swift tickets? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A thick crust of black ash has settled on the pavements and roads in the centre of Jenin.

It comes from barricades of burning tyres set up by young Palestinian men, who prowl streets where they might see an Israeli jeep. Some of them carry rocks or small home-made bombs to hurl at passing Israeli vehicles. In sporadic bursts, gunfire and explosions echo in the refugee camp, which is on high ground above the town centre. Israeli drones buzz constantly overhead.

At times, armed Palestinians emerge from the tyre smoke to fire at the Israelis.

Violence between Palestinians and Israelis has become almost a daily event this year. When blood is spilt there is often a dynamic of retaliation, that includes Palestinian armed groups, Jews who live in settlements in the occupied West Bank that are illegal under international law, and the Israeli army. The Israelis said they moved in on the Jenin camp because more than 50 relatively recent attacks were launched from there.

But the roots of violence, despair and hatred go much deeper than the latest violent confrontations. They thrive in the poison generated by a conflict over possession of the land that started more than a century ago. For a while, back in the 1990s, there were hopes that peace might come if an independent Palestinian state could be established alongside Israel, the so-called two-state solution. The attempt failed.

Powerful Western countries, including the US, European Union members and the UK still insist that two states are the only possible solution. Their words are empty slogans. The last American attempt to try to make the idea work collapsed in 2014.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Israeli operation here in Jenin was in the air for months. Despite regular smaller Israeli raids, Palestinian armed groups had become strong enough and united enough to control the Jenin refugee camp. They seemed to be getting stronger.

A fortnight ago they blew up an Israeli jeep and fought hard to repel an Israeli raid, in which the Palestinian dead included a 15-year-old girl. The next day four Israelis were killed by two Palestinians who burst into a restaurant not far from Jenin, where they were eating. The Israeli army protected Jewish settlers who rampaged through Palestinian villages burning cars and houses, in a series of reprisals.

It was a matter of time before the Israeli army moved against the Palestinians who controlled Jenin refugee camp. It says it is carrying out a systematic operation to track down and destroy weapons and explosives.

Fury and frustration rage through young Palestinian men who have gathered in angry knots at road junctions in the town and outside a hospital on the edge of the Jenin refugee camp. Their barricades of burning tyres leave behind black circles and piles of burnt rubber and twisted wire.

The Israeli army is releasing updates on explosives discovered and neutralised in the two days it has been in the camp, along with what it calls terrorist command centres. The business-like tone of the military communiques contrasts with the statements made by members of the Israeli cabinet who oppose any kind of Palestinian self-determination.

After a Palestinian was shot dead in Tel Aviv by a passer-by, after he had rammed his car into a crowd of Israelis, public security minister Itamar Ben Gvir issued a statement saying Israel's war in Jenin was also their war in Tel Aviv. Every Jew, he said, was a target for murderers.

Mr Ben Gvir and his political allies have been pressing for a punitive sweep through the West Bank to deal with their enemies. The Israeli army is more cautious, as it is more worried about the risks and consequences of escalation. All the indications are the Israeli army would like to restrict its operation to the Jenin refugee camp, declare victory soon and order its soldiers back to their bases.

Israeli victories after an operation like this never last long. Palestinian armed groups restock their armouries and the cycle begins again. Plans to expand settlements for Jews on occupied land that Palestinians want for a state, sometimes called a Zionist response by Israeli politicians, also raise the temperature.

Many Palestinians are disenchanted with their own ageing and ineffective leaders in the Palestinian Authority, a legacy of the 1990s peace process that was supposed back then to build the institutions necessary to create their own state.

When this operation ends, on past form both sides will claim victory. Then the current realities of this long conflict will reassert themselves. Anger, despair and poverty will reinforce the culture of resistance that has embedded itself in Palestinian society, especially here in Jenin and in Nablus. And Israel's right-wing, hyper-nationalist government, as long as it lasts, will try to match its rhetoric with action.

The real danger is that Israelis and Palestinians are sliding into an even more violent phase of their long conflict.

Last updated on .From the section Formula 1

Russian racing driver Nikita Mazepin has begun High Court action against Foreign Secretary James Cleverly to get British sanctions against him lifted.

Mazepin and his father Dmitry were sanctioned by the UK, Canada and European Union in March 2022 following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Mazepin was also sacked by Formula 1 team Haas as a result of the invasion.

Neither Mazepin nor his father were at the hearing.

His lawyer Rachel Scott said Mazepin wanted his challenge heard as a matter of "urgency" because of the need hold talks with prospective race teams for the 2024 season.

Mazepin and his father are subject to an assets freeze and travel ban as part of the sanctions, though lawyers representing the Foreign Office argued that Mazepin could still negotiate with Formula One teams with the sanctions in place.

Mazepin is also challenging EU and Canadian sanctions as part of his attempt to return to Formula One.

In September 2022, Mazepin had requested "revocation of his designation" - a lifting of the sanctions - but UK government ministers had decided to "take no action".

In a witness statement, he said that "even if - or while - the Canadian sanctions remain in place, there is at least a prospect of me being able to enter into negotiations to return to Formula One if sanctions are lifted in both the EU and UK".

Following the invasion, Haas also terminated the contract of their title sponsor, the Russian chemicals company Uralkali. Mazepin owed his seat to sponsorship funding from Uralkali, which is part-owned by his father through his company Uralchem.

A judge is due to oversee a further hearing in London in June.

The government has temporarily banned permits for new incinerator plants in England, including one the Environment Secretary Steve Barclay is fighting to stop being built in his constituency.

The environment department will now consider how many plants are needed.

It comes after a top government lawyer warned a plan being explored to pause permits was "unlawful".

This month Mr Barclay said the proposed incinerator in his Cambridgeshire seat was a "massive blot on the landscape".

The large waste-to-energy plant is being proposed in Wisbech, in the North East Cambridgeshire constituency.

The decision to instruct the Environment Agency to temporarily stop granting licences was made by junior Environment Minister Sir Mark Spencer, after Mr Barclay was recused from the process.

In a letter to the agency's head, Sir Mark says he is worried about the risk that expanding incineration capacity could pose to environmental obligations.

He describes it as a "temporary pause" to allow government officials to "lead a piece of work considering the role of waste incineration in the management of residual waste in England".

The work will consider whether the capacity being developed fits with government objectives to reduce the amount of waste incinerated and will look at concerns about "over-provision". It could lead to a further formal review.

Earlier this month, Mr Barclay suggested that the case for new incinerators would be "undermined" by making progress on a government target to halve the waste which goes to them.

A source from Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said the environment secretary would not have any involvement in the work.

The order is set to expire on 24 May but could be withdrawn earlier.

Applications for 10 incinerators across England are thought to be affected, but plants which dispose of clinical or hazardous waste are exempt from the pause.

In March, the BBC saw an internal legal note which had been compiled within government after consultation with Sir James Eadie KC, the First Treasury counsel.

At that point it is understood the government was privately exploring the consequences of pausing licences for up to a year.

The note said that that proposal raised "serious concerns of perceived bias" as it had come shortly after permission was granted by the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero (Desnez) for the Wisbech incinerator to be built.

The plant still needs a licence from the Environment Agency, a non-departmental public body, to go ahead.

The legal note advised that the proposed suspension would have been "unlawful" because "the consultation undertaken…was plainly inadequate" and noted "the context of the secretary of state's constituency interests".

The waste incinerator could be built in an industrial part of Wisbech on the Cambridgeshire-Norfolk border

In an article written for this month's edition of a local Cambridgeshire magazine, "Discovering Wisbech", Mr Barclay wrote he was committed to "doing everything possible to fight" the new incinerator.

He described it as a "massive blot on the landscape" and said that he had already had conversations with Fenland District Council about supporting them in bringing forward a judicial review of the decision to grant planning consent.

A spokesperson for Defra said the department was committed to reducing waste, improving recycling and meeting net zero targets for sending less waste for incineration.

"We must make sure we have the right waste management infrastructure to meet these goals, and are rightly considering the need for more waste incineration facilities."

But Labour's shadow environment secretary Steve Reed said there were "serious concerns" Mr Barclay abused his position to prop up his constituency decision.

"The British public deserve answers. Who did Barclay try to persuade, when, and which other ministers were involved," he said.

Mr Barclay told a committee of MPs in March that he had never "made representations as secretary of state" to the Environment Agency about the Wisbech project.

He also said that he had delegated the policy to another minister and apologised for not formally recusing himself earlier.

Protesters opposed to the proposed site said it would cause pollution in the area

Prince Charles (top right) and his sister Princess Anne pictured leaving Northern Ireland after their first visit in 1961

King Charles III was just 12 years old when he arrived in Northern Ireland for his first official visit.

On 8 August 1961, the young prince and his family sailed into Carrickfergus, County Antrim, on board a "floating palace" - the Royal Yacht Britannia.

He travelled with his mother, the late Queen Elizabeth II, his late father the Duke of Edinburgh and his then 10-year-old sister, Princess Anne.

It was to be the first of 39 trips to Northern Ireland as heir to the throne.

His parents had arrived for a two-day tour, packed full of formal engagements at town halls and locals businesses.

But while the Queen carried out her official duties, the royal children were largely kept away from the cameras.

Instead, Prince Charles and his little sister had afternoon tea at a County Down estate and enjoyed a picnic on a private island, where a hungry Labrador stole their bodyguard's lunch.

The 1961 papers were intrigued by the prince's daytrip to a County Down island

Tight security measures have been a feature of royal visits since the start of the Troubles in Northern Ireland, but back in 1961, the Royal Family's schedule could be publicised days in advance.

The Belfast Telegraph published an almost minute-by-minute guide of the Queen's itinerary, pointing out the best locations to see the monarch's motorcade.

There was great excitement ahead of what was her first visit for seven years, and only her third tour as reigning monarch.

In a rain-soaked Carrickfergus, an armada of little boats owned by well-wishers greeted the Royal Family, while hundreds of cheering spectators lined the town's harbour.

Queen Elizabeth II disembarks from the royal barge at Carrickfergus in 1961

The Queen and the Duke disembarked for a tour of Carrickfergus Castle, but unlike their parents' itinerary, the younger royals' travel plans were not pre-announced.

"The children's destination had been kept secret at the Queen's wishes, right until the last minute," the Belfast Telegraph reported.

Prince Charles and his sister were brought ashore at Belfast and driven to Rademon Estate on the outskirts of Crossgar, County Down.

The 500-acre estate was then home to the aptly-named King family who were long-standing friends of the Windsors.

James Osborne King was a prominent estate agent and his wife, the Hon Elizabeth Patricia King (née White), was a childhood friend of Queen Elizabeth.

The Queen was also godmother to the couple's eldest child, 14-year-old Elizabeth Lavinia Sarah King.

The late Queen, then known as Princess Elizabeth, attended baby Lavinia King's baptism in Comber, County Down, in 1946

Mrs King was descended from the Spencer family, sharing ancestry with Lady Diana Spencer - the future first wife of the young Prince Charles.

She was a first cousin of Lady Diana's father, the 8th Earl Spencer, but her family link to the Windsors goes back further.

Mrs King's mother, Lavinia Emily White (née Spencer), had been a lady-in-waiting to the late Queen Mother while she was the Duchess of York.

At Rademon, Prince Charles and his sister were joined by their parents for afternoon tea hosted by the Kings.

The following day, the Queen visited Belfast City Hall and Harland and Wolff shipyard but, reportedly, she did not believe her children would enjoy either event.

So instead, it was arranged that the prince and princess would go for a picnic on Strangford Lough, accompanied by Mr and Mrs King's three young children.

Sir Richard Pim, a retired inspector-general of the Royal Ulster Constabulary, was entrusted with sailing the children to Pawle Island - a small, uninhabited land mass off the lough's western shore.

Few people spotted the heir to the throne tucking into his packed lunch, but in the days that followed, "scores of holidaymakers" flocked to the island to explore the royal picnic spot.

Pawle Island, pictured here in June 2020, briefly became a tourist attraction after the 1961 royal picnic

Twenty years later, ahead of Prince Charles's wedding to Lady Diana, Sir Richard regaled the Belfast Telegraph with his memories of the Pawle Island picnic.

"I had brought Bracken, my Labrador, with me and the prince had his detective with him, a big fellow who must have been all of 20 stones," Sir Richard recalled.

"The detective decided he would go and find himself some beer and he went off, leaving his lunch on the stone where he had been sitting.

"Bracken, as soon as his back was turned, promptly went across and ate it."

Sir Richard said the young prince found the case of the stolen sandwiches "very funny" and the pair laughed about it when they met again in later life.

The 1961 visit was the King's only childhood trip to Northern Ireland and 18 years passed before he came back for a second tour.

During that period, the security situation in Northern Ireland deteriorated markedly.

The Troubles began in the late 1960s and Prince Charles was 31 years old by the time he returned to Northern Ireland in 1979.

Prince Charles's second visit to Northern Ireland in 1979 had a very different tone to his first

He arrived three months after the IRA killed 18 soldiers in a bomb attack at Narrow Water, County Down.

The paramilitary group also killed his own great uncle and beloved mentor, Lord Mountbatten, in a bombing in the Republic of Ireland on the same day.

Prince Charles spent his 1979 visit meeting soldiers at various barracks close to the border, which had been the target of regular IRA attacks.

The peace process began to take hold in the 1990s and Prince Charles soon became a regular guest of Northern Ireland and an occasional visitor to the Republic of Ireland.

At a St Patrick's Day dinner four years ago, he revealed his lifetime ambition to visit all 32 counties on the island of Ireland.

In a speech to guests, he said he had already ticked 15 off the list at that stage.

"I am quite determined, before I drop dead and finally lose my marbles, that I should get around to the remaining 17," he added.

The BBC’s Analysis Editor Ros Atkins looks at how Yevgeny Prigozhin rose from hot dog salesman to become the boss of Russia’s Wagner mercenary group.

Parts of this video were originally recorded on 25 May but it has been reversioned for publication on 24 June.

Palestinian Islamic Jihad confirmed a ceasefire had been agreed, while Israel said quiet would be met with quiet

There are hopes a ceasefire will take hold to end five days of fighting between Israel and Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) militants in Gaza.

It got off to a shaky start, as both sides kept firing for two hours after the truce started on Saturday evening.

At least 33 Palestinians have been killed since Tuesday in Gaza, where Israel says it has struck PIJ targets.

Palestinian rocket fire into Israel has killed two people, one Israeli and one Palestinian working in the country.

The mediation efforts were led by Egypt, which urged both sides to adhere to the ceasefire agreement.

Washington welcomed the announcement of the ceasefire, and said US officials had worked with regional partners to achieve the resolution.

Barrages of Palestinian rockets set off warning sirens in southern Israel, close to Gaza, and the suburbs of the city of Tel Aviv just before the truce was due to come into effect at 22:00 local time (19:00 GMT) on Saturday.

Minutes after it supposedly started, militants launched more rockets at southern Israeli communities and the Israeli military carried out air strikes on what it said were two PIJ rocket launchers in Gaza.

Further rocket fire at around 23:00 drew another round of air strikes.

More than 1,200 rockets and mortars have been fired from Gaza towards Israel

Despite the fighting, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office issued a statement confirming that a ceasefire had been agreed and thanked Egypt for its "intensive efforts" to secure one.

It also said Israel had made clear that its acceptance meant "quiet will be met with quiet, and that if Israel is attacked or threatened, it will continue to do everything that it needs to in order to defend itself".

PIJ also confirmed the ceasefire, with a spokesman telling Reuters news agency: "We will abide by it as long as the occupation [Israel] abides by it."

According to a text from Egyptian intelligence seen by the BBC, Palestinian militants and Israel have agreed to stop actions targeting civilians and other individuals.

The BBC's Yolande Knell in Jerusalem says this form of wording appears to cover both the recent intense rocket fire from Gaza and Israel's controversial policy of targeted killings of militant leaders.

Israel began its military operation in Gaza before dawn on Tuesday, killing three leaders of PIJ in their homes as well as at least 10 civilians, including relatives and neighbours of the men.

PIJ fighters then fired barrages of rockets at southern and central Israel, which they said were intended to avenge the dead.

At least 1,234 rockets and mortars have been fired from Gaza in total, with 976 crossing into Israeli territory, according to the Israeli military. Most have been intercepted or have landed in open areas, but some have hit homes and other buildings.

One woman was killed when a rocket hit an apartment building in the central city of Rehovot on Thursday, while a worker from Gaza was killed when he was hit by rocket shrapnel at a building site in the southern Sdot Negev region.

The military says 221 of the rockets have fallen short inside Gaza and that they have killed four people there, including three children. Islamic Jihad denies the allegation.

Israel has carried out air strikes on 371 PIJ targets across Gaza, killing three more leaders and destroying what it said were the group's rocket launch sites and command centres.

About half of the 33 people killed in Gaza were civilians, including seven children and four women, according to local health officials.

Frogmore Cottage, the UK home of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, has been offered to Prince Andrew, according to reports.

Harry and Meghan have been issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace, the Sun newspaper reported.

Buckingham Palace has not commented and the BBC understands any discussions would be a private family matter.

The duke and duchess - who are based in the US - have been approached by the BBC via their foundation, Archewell.

Frogmore Cottage, a Grade-II listed property in the grounds of Windsor Castle in Berkshire, was a gift to the royal couple from the late Queen.

They refurbished the property, owned by the Crown Estate, at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19. The cost was initially covered by taxpayers through the Sovereign Grant before being repaid in full by Prince Harry.

The duke and duchess now live in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, after quitting life as working royals in 2020.

They retained the cottage as their UK residence, and last year celebrated their daughter's first birthday there.

The couple were reportedly told to leave the property by Buckingham Palace in January, days after Harry published his explosive memoir, Spare.

The Duke of York, the late Queen's second son, lives in the nearby Royal Lodge, in Windsor Great Park, Berkshire.

Andrew stepped down as a working royal in 2019 after a controversial Newsnight interview about allegations that he had sexually assaulted Virginia Giuffre.

In February 2022, he paid an undisclosed sum to settle the civil sexual assault case Ms Giuffre brought against him in the US.

He has repeatedly denied the allegations.

Reports in recent weeks, not confirmed by the BBC, suggested the King is to cut Andrew's annual grant which could leave him unable to afford his home's running costs.

He is said to be resisting the offer of the smaller property, according to a source quoted by the Sun.

Jack Johnson, brothers Finlay and Samuel Butler and their cousin Thomas Stewart died after falling into the icy lake

Four boys died when they went on to a frozen lake near Solihull after they fed ducks and skimmed stones, an inquest heard.

Finlay Butler, eight, and his younger brother Samuel, six, died, as did their cousin Thomas Stewart, 11, and another boy, Jack Johnson, 10.

They went into the water at Babbs Mill Park on 11 December 2022.

The inquest heard Finlay fell in first, Thomas and Jack as they tried to help and no-one saw Samuel fall in.

The boys went initially to feed the ducks and skim stones, Det Insp Jim Edmonds, from West Midlands Police, said.

Jack was with one group of children and the other three in another.

Jack then decided to go on the ice and Thomas, Finlay and Samuel followed.

After they fell in, witnesses said they saw the boys in the water, shouting for help, but they could not get out and a short time later they went under the surface.

Vigils were held and flowers laid after the deaths of the boys

Det Insp Edmonds said his officers were there 11 minutes after the first 999 call at about 14:35 GMT.

They ignored safety advice, took off their body armour and waded in to form a human chain, he added.

He said the air temperature was 5C (41F) and the water temperature was even lower which affected the ability of the officers to function.

There was a big risk to the rescuers themselves, Jason Wiles, from West Midlands Ambulance Service, said.

Paramedics shouted to the rescuers to get out and one of the police officers was in the water up to his neck, he added.

Mr Wiles said the officer probably only just got out the water in time.

A tribute to the boys is in place at the park

The last child, Finlay, was recovered from the water by firefighters at 15:05 GMT, half an hour after the first 999 call.

Det Insp Edmonds said he did not know why the ice broke but it was a "terrible tragedy".

He did not believe his team could have done anything differently, he told the inquest.

The air temperature on the day at the lake was 5C (41F) and the water temperature was even lower, the inquest heard

The boys all received the best treatment possible on their way to hospital but brain damage would have occurred within minutes after they were submerged, Mr Wiles said.

Dr Sarah Denniston, from Birmingham Heartlands Hospital, said efforts were made to resuscitate the boys without success and drowning was the cause of death.

Memorial plaques have been left near the lake

The temperature of the water in the lake would have caused the boys' bodies to go into shock, Alex Chapman, from West Midlands Fire Service, said.

He also said nothing more could have been done on the day by firefighters.

However the fire service would review its prevention work and planned regular safety campaigns in summer and winter to focus on the dangers of the water, he added.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

Evidence of potential human rights abuses may be lost after being deleted by tech companies, the BBC has found.

Platforms remove graphic videos, often using artificial intelligence - but footage that may help prosecutions can be taken down without being archived.

Meta and YouTube say they aim to balance their duties to bear witness and protect users from harmful content.

But Alan Rusbridger, who sits on Meta's Oversight Board, says the industry has been "overcautious" in its moderation.

The platforms say they do have exemptions for graphic material when it is in the public interest - but when the BBC attempted to upload footage documenting attacks on civilians in Ukraine, it was swiftly deleted.

Artificial intelligence (AI) can remove harmful and illegal content at scale. When it comes to moderating violent images from wars, however, machines lack the nuance to identify human rights violations.

Ihor Zakharenko, a former travel journalist, encountered this in Ukraine. Since the Russian invasion he has been documenting attacks on civilians.

The BBC met him in a suburb of Kyiv where one year ago men, women and children had been shot dead by Russian troops while trying to flee occupation.

He filmed the bodies - at least 17 of them - and burnt-out cars.

He wanted to post the videos online so the world would see what happened and to counter the Kremlin's narrative. But when he uploaded them to Facebook and Instagram they were swiftly taken down.

"Russians themselves were saying those were fakes, [that] they didn't touch civilians, they fought only with the Ukrainian army," Ihor said.

We uploaded Ihor's footage on to Instagram and YouTube using dummy accounts.

Instagram took down three of the four videos within a minute.

At first, YouTube applied age restrictions to the same three, but 10 minutes later removed them all.

Videos documenting Russian attacks on civilians were taken down within minutes

We tried again - but they failed to upload altogether. An appeal to restore the videos on the basis that they included evidence of war crimes was rejected.

Key figures within the industry say there is an urgent need for social media companies to prevent this kind of information from vanishing.

"You can see why they have developed and train their machines to, the moment they see something that looks difficult or traumatic, to take it down," Mr Rusbridger told the BBC. The Meta Oversight Board that he sits on was set up by Mark Zuckerberg and is known as a kind of independent "supreme court" for the company, which owns Facebook and Instagram.

"I think the next question for them is how do we develop the machinery, whether that's human or AI, to then make more reasonable decisions," Mr Rusbridger, a former editor-in-chief of the Guardian, adds.

No-one would deny tech firms' right to police content, says US Ambassador for Global Criminal Justice Beth Van Schaak: "I think where the concern happens is when that information suddenly disappears."

Atrocities from war are being documented on social media. This material can be used as evidence to help prosecute war crimes. But the BBC has spoken to people affected by violent conflict who have seen the major social media companies take down this content.

YouTube and Meta say that under their exemptions for graphic war footage in the public interest, content that would normally be removed can be kept online with viewing restricted to adults. But our experiment with Ihor's videos suggest otherwise.

Meta says it responds "to valid legal requests from law enforcement agencies around the world" and "we continue to explore additional avenues to support international accountability processes… consistent with our legal and privacy obligations".

YouTube says that while it has exemptions for graphic content in the public interest, the platform is not an archive. It says, "Human rights organisations; activists, human rights defenders, researchers, citizen journalists and others documenting human rights abuses (or other potential crimes) should observe best practices for securing and preserving their content."

The BBC also spoke to Imad, who owned a pharmacy in Aleppo, Syria, until a Syrian government barrel bomb landed nearby in 2013.

He recalls how the blast filled the room with dust and smoke. Hearing cries for help, he went to the market outside and saw hands, legs and dead bodies covered in blood.

Local TV crews captured these scenes. The footage was posted on YouTube and Facebook but has subsequently been taken down.

In the mayhem of the conflict, Syrian journalists told the BBC their own recordings of the original footage were also destroyed in bombing raids.

Years later, when Imad was applying for asylum in the EU, he was asked to provide documents that proved he was at the scene.

"I was sure that my pharmacy was captured on camera. But when I went online, it was taking me to a deleted video."

In response to this sort of incident, organisations like Mnemonic, a Berlin-based human rights organisation, have stepped in to archive footage before it disappears.

Mnemonic developed a tool to automatically download and save evidence of human rights violations - first in Syria and now in Yemen, Sudan and Ukraine.

They have saved more than 700,000 images from war zones before they were removed from social media, including three videos showing the attack near Imad's pharmacy.

Each image might hold a key clue to uncover what really transpired on the battlefield - the location, the date or the perpetrator.

But organisations like Mnemonic cannot cover every area of conflict around the world.

Proving that war crimes have been committed is incredibly hard - so getting as many sources as possible is vital.

"Verification is like solving a puzzle - you put together seemingly unrelated pieces of information to build a bigger picture of what happened," says BBC Verify's Olga Robinson.

The task of archiving open-source material - available to pretty much anyone on social media - often falls to people with a mission to help their relatives caught up in violent conflict.

Rahwa says it is her "duty" to archive open-source material from the conflict in the Tigray region of Ethiopia

Rahwa lives in the United States and has family in the Tigray region of Ethiopia, which has been wracked with violence in recent years, and where the authorities in Ethiopia tightly control the flow of information.

However, social media means there is a visual record of a conflict that might otherwise remain hidden from the outside world.

"It was our duty," says Rahwa. "I spent hours doing research, and so when you're seeing this content trickle in you're trying to verify using all the open-source intelligence tools you can get your hands on, but you don't know if your family is OK."

Human rights campaigners say there is an urgent need for a formal system to gather and safely store deleted content. This would include preserving metadata to help verify the content and prove it hasn't been tampered with.

Ms Van Schaak, the US Ambassador for Global Criminal Justice, says: "We need to create a mechanism whereby that information can be preserved for potential future accountability exercises. Social media platforms should be willing to make arrangements with accountability mechanisms around the world."

Read more about BBC Verify: Explaining the 'how' - the launch of BBC Verify

Dr Alena Yap is the only doctor available to Eleuthera Abus on an archipelago of 13,000 people

When 99-year-old Eleuthera Abus lifts her right arm, she winces as the broken bones move. It's been six months since her fall.

"All I can do is manage her pain," says Alena Yap, the 28-year-old doctor who is examining her on her porch. "She really needs to have the bone pinned. But the family is refusing to take her to hospital."

Eleuthera's daughters are not heartless. They are poor.

The nearest surgical facility is hundreds of miles away across the sea from the tiny island of Diit where they live. It's one of a cluster of islands that make up the Agutaya archipelago, stranded in the middle of the Philippines' Sulu Sea.

For the 13,000 or so people who live here, Dr Alena, as they call her, is the only doctor. Petite, with glasses and long hair tied back in a ponytail, she always wears a broad smile that masks quiet determination.

There is only one island in the archipelago she does not visit - Amanpulo, named after the luxury resort on it, which has reportedly hosted Tom Cruise and Beyoncé. On a clear day, it's visible from the beaches of Diit, just 20km (12 miles) away.

Dr Alena arrived just before the coronavirus - and learned to live with the death threats that came when she insisted people isolate. But the pandemic that swallowed the world was far from her only challenge in this oft-forgotten corner of the Philippines. She battled new diseases and old, and came up against her country's biggest challenges. She says she came to Agutaya to make "real changes" - but she left deeply disillusioned.

These remote, volcanic islands are not where you expect to find a graduate of the country's top medical school, who had spent all her life in Manila, the teeming Philippine capital. Unlike so many of her peers who have left to seek careers in Australia, America and Britain, Dr Alena volunteered to join a government programme that sent her here, to one of the poorest municipalities in the country.

The main island of Agutaya is a two-and-half day journey from Manila. It includes one flight, followed by a sleepless 15-hour night crossing on an open-deck ferry from the port city of Iloilo to a bigger island called Cuyo. Then the only way in and out of Agutaya is a drenching, two-hour roller coaster ride in an outrigger canoe.

These islands, floating in startlingly clear waters over white sands, look like they are straight out of paradise

As the skilled boatman guides the outrigger across the reef and into the shallows, Agutaya looks like a piece of paradise. Below the palm-fringed shoreline, a broad swathe of white sand stretches in each direction. Colourful outrigger canoes bob around on water so clear they could be floating in mid-air.

But geography is both a blessing and a curse. Scattered over hundreds of square kilometres of sea, the dozen or so islands that make up the archipelago are cut off for days, even weeks, when the monsoon comes, winds in tow. Covered with dense forest, the hillsides sit atop large fields of basalt boulders. There is little tillable soil. The islanders rely almost entirely on the ocean.

Dr Alena made her first crossing to Agutaya in February 2020. "When I started here, I was 26 and a lot of people would mistake me for a high school student," she says with a chuckle. "People wouldn't believe I was a doctor."

Her first challenge arrived within a month when the coronavirus sent the Philippines into a lockdown. The islands were sealed off.

"The first year wasn't too bad," Dr Alena says. "There weren't any local cases. But the second year [2021], that is when the government allowed everyone to travel back to their hometowns. Suddenly we had people coming back from as far away as Manila."

Dr Alena was in charge of enforcing their quarantine. "When people learned they would be quarantined they reacted violently," she says. "I received death threats. People said they wanted to shoot me."

She understood why. People here live day to day. What they catch in the morning they eat for dinner. If they couldn't leave their homes to fish, they would go hungry.

So far from being embraced by the local community, Dr Alena, who had left her fiancé in far-away Manila, was now resented as a government enforcer. "There were days when I couldn't do anything but cry. There were a lot of tears," she says.

To ease the loneliness she began adopting dogs. Bruno is large with a big tail that never stops wagging, while Vigly is small and shy. They follow her everywhere.

"I spent a lot of time going to the beach with them and watching the sunset. I also started to draw. My pictures aren't any good, but it's a type of art therapy."

The pandemic, and the loneliness it bought, was especially trying for the 28-year-old

The next challenge emerged when the vaccines started to arrive in the summer of 2021.

"We had to go house to house to every island barangay [village]," Dr Alena says. "The farthest island is nearly three hours away by boat, and many people can't afford the fare [to come to the clinic]. So they wouldn't come."

Gruelling as it was, the distance wasn't the only problem: "There was a lot of hesitancy, a lot of fake news about the vaccines being bad or that they can kill people. A lot of people get their news from social media here, and they were not getting the facts."

By autumn 2022, the threat from Covid had begun to abate. Despite the resistance, the vaccine rollout was successful. Only eight islanders across the archipelago had died of the virus.

But that brought little respite.

A line starts to form on every weekday morning outside the main clinic on Agutaya while the daily meeting between Dr Alena and her team is still under way.

On that day, first in line is a man in his 50s who has had a suspected stroke.

"Before I came here, I thought everything would be fresh and organic," Dr Alena says, laughing at her own naivete. "But it's very difficult to get a nutritious diet here."

For one, locals salt and dry their fish, leading to high blood pressure. Diabetes is also common because it's easier to find soft drinks than clean water.

A boy walks to school on the island of Diit

A sign at the entrance to the clinic announces the other major health problem: "sputum sampling" for tuberculosis or TB.

Dr Alens says they recorded 45 cases in 2022, but many more go undiagnosed.

A bacterial infection, TB is fatal if left untreated. It kills millions yearly, although a combination of vaccines and antibiotics eradicated it from some parts of the world before the middle of the last century.

But the Philippines is still estimated to have more than a million cases. "The long-term plan is to eradicate it," Dr Alena says, adding it's "impossible in the near future". She says because of poor access to healthcare people often relapse, and have even begun to develop drug-resistant strains.

Later that morning, a woman brings her young son to the clinic. Pale and listless, the boy slumps on a chair. Dr Alena suspects he has dengue. A few minutes later, it's confirmed. She prescribes paracetamol, and tells his mother to keep him hydrated.

Dengue is new here. The one case in January turned to 10 by March even as Dr Alena and her team sprayed school grounds to kill the mosquitoes that spread it, and handed out treated nets.

By 11:00 the doctor is extricating herself from the growing line of patients. They will have to be dealt with by her capable nursing staff because she has to get across to Diit, 40 minutes away by boat.

It is more beautiful than Agutaya, but poorer. It has no electricity or a mobile phone tower, and only one concrete road that runs out after a few hundred metres.

The arrival of the "medicine lady" as Dr Alena is fondly called is greeted with much excitement. Dozens of school children come running down the beach. They've been given the day off so Dr Alena's dengue control team can spray their school grounds with insecticide. As she walks through the village, she's like the pied piper, with a long stream of laughing children following.

She visits an elderly couple sitting outside their house along the beach in wheelchairs. Both have had strokes and are partially paralysed. She checks his blood pressure - 150 over 90. "It's high, but acceptable for his age," she says.

On these islands, a hernia, like the one this boy has, can bankrupt a family

A woman in her 40s pushes her way through the crowd that has gathered around. She is carrying a boy, who is perhaps five or six years old. Dr Alena tells her to sit down on a chair and begins to examine the child. He has a hugely enlarged left testicle. The torch reveals a hernia in his lower abdomen. A part of his intestine has penetrated the bowel wall, pushing into his testicles.

"He will need surgery," Dr Alena tells the mother. The hope in the woman's eyes turns to anxiety.

Dr Alena asks her if she knows anyone who she can stay with on one of the bigger islands. Yes, the woman says - in Culion, a 12-hour boat ride away.

"Once I tell them they need to have an operation, you see in their faces the fear and the sadness because they realise there isn't any medicine I can give them to cure this," Dr Alena says. "You see in their minds [the thought] how are they going to afford this? It's hard being the one to deliver the news."

In another part of the world, a hernia is a minor medical procedure. But here it can wipe out a family's savings, leaving them in debt for years.

"If we could make travel easier that would make a lot of difference," she adds. "But that's hard because it will take a lot of resources."

After three years on the island, Dr Alena's optimism and ambition have given way to the disheartening realisation that resources - or money - will always be the biggest challenge.

A concrete all-weather road runs along the base of the rocky hills that circle the main island of Agutaya. Construction began alongside campaigning for the local election last year. One lane was finished before election day, but islanders say work stopped after that. There is no second lane yet.

"We'll have to wait for the next elections to get the road finished," quips one local.

Agutaya and the islands around it are too tiny to matter to Manila, locals say

On the other end of the island, rusting steel bars stick out of an incomplete concrete structure that is gradually being overrun by vegetation.

It was supposed to be the new rural health unit, Dr Alena says. Work stopped last year because the local government ran out of money. "But they haven't completed their part of the deal," she says, her frustration palpable.

Philippine politics is not driven by parties, but personalities, and dominated by large, powerful clans whose chiefs promise resources from Manila in return for votes. As one local woman put it, Agutaya is too small a community: "There aren't enough votes here that make it worth the money."

Local politicians have little incentive to change and come election time, vote-buying is common enough that it now seems to have a well-worn price: 500 pesos, or $9 (£7). Corruption runs deep, and the money pouring in doesn't seem to reach its destination.

"I came here very idealistic," Dr Alena says, sighing. "I was very aggressive to try and change the way the local health system worked. But then as time goes on you realise that three years is far too short to make any big changes."

As her time on Agutaya - a three-year-contract - drew to an end, many islanders told her they would be sad to see her go. "Time flies fast," said Ricardo, one of the senior nursing assistants, who described her as "selfless and hardworking".

As much as she helped, Dr Alena says she feels deeply frustrated at the end of her stint

But in the weeks since returning to Manila, Dr Alena says she has felt disappointed and even cynical about her experience working for local government. She was offered a job at the provincial health administration in Palawan but turned it down. Instead she wants to work in a medical charity or NGO.

Last week, she returned to Agutaya as part of an NGO-run programme. For decades, the NGO, with the help of local and international donors, has been regularly sending specialist doctors to the islands to do minor surgeries.

But this time Dr Alena's journey didn't last two and half days. She, along with other doctors, arrived there three hours after taking off from Manila - they touched down on a runway on the luxury island of Amanpulo.

Usually iPhones plummet in value as soon as you take them out of the shop.

But there are some special cases, as seen at an auction in the US, where a first edition, unopened 4GB model sold for $190,372.80 (£145,416).

Not many of these were made at the time, leading the model to be considered the "Holy Grail" by iPhone collectors.

The lot, run by LCG Auctions, attracted 28 bids in total and sold at nearly 400 times its original price.

The final fee includes the administration costs on top of the hammer price paid to the auction house by the buyer, known as a "buyer's premium".

The buyer's premium goes directly to the auction house and not to the seller.

LCG Auctions described it as "a popular high-end" and "red-hot collectable", adding that two other factory-sealed, first edition iPhones had sold at record values in the last year.

The website described the model as an "exceedingly rare, factory sealed, first-release 4GB model in exceptional condition. Virtually flawless along the surface and edges, the factory seal is clean with correct seam details and tightness".

Originally retailing at $599 (£457), the lot was expected to fetch in the region of $50,000-$100,000 - but managed to smash all previous records.

First released in 2007 by the then Apple CEO Steve Jobs, the tech giant made the decision to discontinue the 4GB model just two months after it was launched, due to lagging sales.

Most people decided to purchase the 8GB model, which was launched at the same time, and gave users double the storage space, for just $100 more.

Every few months, some rare Apple memorabilia or relics of Mr Jobs' life and career sells at auction.

They include a poem he wrote in a classmate's high school yearbook, photos of him in college and a business card from 1978.

In 2011 the Apple co-founder died at the age of 56 after suffering from pancreatic cancer. Apple said he had been "the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives" and had made the world "immeasurably better".

He introduced the colourful iMac computer, the iPod, the iPhone and the iPad to the world.

Thousands of people have been evacuated from wildfires on the Greek island of Rhodes.

Tourists have fled from their hotels to emergency shelters, while some holidaymakers returning to the UK described people being covered in ash and still smelling of smoke from the fires.

Dr Alena Yap is the only doctor available to Eleuthera Abus on an archipelago of 13,000 people

When 99-year-old Eleuthera Abus lifts her right arm, she winces as the broken bones move. It's been six months since her fall.

"All I can do is manage her pain," says Alena Yap, the 28-year-old doctor who is examining her on her porch. "She really needs to have the bone pinned. But the family is refusing to take her to hospital."

Eleuthera's daughters are not heartless. They are poor.

The nearest surgical facility is hundreds of miles away across the sea from the tiny island of Diit where they live. It's one of a cluster of islands that make up the Agutaya archipelago, stranded in the middle of the Philippines' Sulu Sea.

For the 13,000 or so people who live here, Dr Alena, as they call her, is the only doctor. Petite, with glasses and long hair tied back in a ponytail, she always wears a broad smile that masks quiet determination.

There is only one island in the archipelago she does not visit - Amanpulo, named after the luxury resort on it, which has reportedly hosted Tom Cruise and Beyoncé. On a clear day, it's visible from the beaches of Diit, just 20km (12 miles) away.

Dr Alena arrived just before the coronavirus - and learned to live with the death threats that came when she insisted people isolate. But the pandemic that swallowed the world was far from her only challenge in this oft-forgotten corner of the Philippines. She battled new diseases and old, and came up against her country's biggest challenges. She says she came to Agutaya to make "real changes" - but she left deeply disillusioned.

These remote, volcanic islands are not where you expect to find a graduate of the country's top medical school, who had spent all her life in Manila, the teeming Philippine capital. Unlike so many of her peers who have left to seek careers in Australia, America and Britain, Dr Alena volunteered to join a government programme that sent her here, to one of the poorest municipalities in the country.

The main island of Agutaya is a two-and-half day journey from Manila. It includes one flight, followed by a sleepless 15-hour night crossing on an open-deck ferry from the port city of Iloilo to a bigger island called Cuyo. Then the only way in and out of Agutaya is a drenching, two-hour roller coaster ride in an outrigger canoe.

These islands, floating in startlingly clear waters over white sands, look like they are straight out of paradise

As the skilled boatman guides the outrigger across the reef and into the shallows, Agutaya looks like a piece of paradise. Below the palm-fringed shoreline, a broad swathe of white sand stretches in each direction. Colourful outrigger canoes bob around on water so clear they could be floating in mid-air.

But geography is both a blessing and a curse. Scattered over hundreds of square kilometres of sea, the dozen or so islands that make up the archipelago are cut off for days, even weeks, when the monsoon comes, winds in tow. Covered with dense forest, the hillsides sit atop large fields of basalt boulders. There is little tillable soil. The islanders rely almost entirely on the ocean.

Dr Alena made her first crossing to Agutaya in February 2020. "When I started here, I was 26 and a lot of people would mistake me for a high school student," she says with a chuckle. "People wouldn't believe I was a doctor."

Her first challenge arrived within a month when the coronavirus sent the Philippines into a lockdown. The islands were sealed off.

"The first year wasn't too bad," Dr Alena says. "There weren't any local cases. But the second year [2021], that is when the government allowed everyone to travel back to their hometowns. Suddenly we had people coming back from as far away as Manila."

Dr Alena was in charge of enforcing their quarantine. "When people learned they would be quarantined they reacted violently," she says. "I received death threats. People said they wanted to shoot me."

She understood why. People here live day to day. What they catch in the morning they eat for dinner. If they couldn't leave their homes to fish, they would go hungry.

So far from being embraced by the local community, Dr Alena, who had left her fiancé in far-away Manila, was now resented as a government enforcer. "There were days when I couldn't do anything but cry. There were a lot of tears," she says.

To ease the loneliness she began adopting dogs. Bruno is large with a big tail that never stops wagging, while Vigly is small and shy. They follow her everywhere.

"I spent a lot of time going to the beach with them and watching the sunset. I also started to draw. My pictures aren't any good, but it's a type of art therapy."

The pandemic, and the loneliness it bought, was especially trying for the 28-year-old

The next challenge emerged when the vaccines started to arrive in the summer of 2021.

"We had to go house to house to every island barangay [village]," Dr Alena says. "The farthest island is nearly three hours away by boat, and many people can't afford the fare [to come to the clinic]. So they wouldn't come."

Gruelling as it was, the distance wasn't the only problem: "There was a lot of hesitancy, a lot of fake news about the vaccines being bad or that they can kill people. A lot of people get their news from social media here, and they were not getting the facts."

By autumn 2022, the threat from Covid had begun to abate. Despite the resistance, the vaccine rollout was successful. Only eight islanders across the archipelago had died of the virus.

But that brought little respite.

A line starts to form on every weekday morning outside the main clinic on Agutaya while the daily meeting between Dr Alena and her team is still under way.

On that day, first in line is a man in his 50s who has had a suspected stroke.

"Before I came here, I thought everything would be fresh and organic," Dr Alena says, laughing at her own naivete. "But it's very difficult to get a nutritious diet here."

For one, locals salt and dry their fish, leading to high blood pressure. Diabetes is also common because it's easier to find soft drinks than clean water.

A boy walks to school on the island of Diit

A sign at the entrance to the clinic announces the other major health problem: "sputum sampling" for tuberculosis or TB.

Dr Alens says they recorded 45 cases in 2022, but many more go undiagnosed.

A bacterial infection, TB is fatal if left untreated. It kills millions yearly, although a combination of vaccines and antibiotics eradicated it from some parts of the world before the middle of the last century.

But the Philippines is still estimated to have more than a million cases. "The long-term plan is to eradicate it," Dr Alena says, adding it's "impossible in the near future". She says because of poor access to healthcare people often relapse, and have even begun to develop drug-resistant strains.

Later that morning, a woman brings her young son to the clinic. Pale and listless, the boy slumps on a chair. Dr Alena suspects he has dengue. A few minutes later, it's confirmed. She prescribes paracetamol, and tells his mother to keep him hydrated.

Dengue is new here. The one case in January turned to 10 by March even as Dr Alena and her team sprayed school grounds to kill the mosquitoes that spread it, and handed out treated nets.

By 11:00 the doctor is extricating herself from the growing line of patients. They will have to be dealt with by her capable nursing staff because she has to get across to Diit, 40 minutes away by boat.

It is more beautiful than Agutaya, but poorer. It has no electricity or a mobile phone tower, and only one concrete road that runs out after a few hundred metres.

The arrival of the "medicine lady" as Dr Alena is fondly called is greeted with much excitement. Dozens of school children come running down the beach. They've been given the day off so Dr Alena's dengue control team can spray their school grounds with insecticide. As she walks through the village, she's like the pied piper, with a long stream of laughing children following.

She visits an elderly couple sitting outside their house along the beach in wheelchairs. Both have had strokes and are partially paralysed. She checks his blood pressure - 150 over 90. "It's high, but acceptable for his age," she says.

On these islands, a hernia, like the one this boy has, can bankrupt a family

A woman in her 40s pushes her way through the crowd that has gathered around. She is carrying a boy, who is perhaps five or six years old. Dr Alena tells her to sit down on a chair and begins to examine the child. He has a hugely enlarged left testicle. The torch reveals a hernia in his lower abdomen. A part of his intestine has penetrated the bowel wall, pushing into his testicles.

"He will need surgery," Dr Alena tells the mother. The hope in the woman's eyes turns to anxiety.

Dr Alena asks her if she knows anyone who she can stay with on one of the bigger islands. Yes, the woman says - in Culion, a 12-hour boat ride away.

"Once I tell them they need to have an operation, you see in their faces the fear and the sadness because they realise there isn't any medicine I can give them to cure this," Dr Alena says. "You see in their minds [the thought] how are they going to afford this? It's hard being the one to deliver the news."

In another part of the world, a hernia is a minor medical procedure. But here it can wipe out a family's savings, leaving them in debt for years.

"If we could make travel easier that would make a lot of difference," she adds. "But that's hard because it will take a lot of resources."

After three years on the island, Dr Alena's optimism and ambition have given way to the disheartening realisation that resources - or money - will always be the biggest challenge.

A concrete all-weather road runs along the base of the rocky hills that circle the main island of Agutaya. Construction began alongside campaigning for the local election last year. One lane was finished before election day, but islanders say work stopped after that. There is no second lane yet.

"We'll have to wait for the next elections to get the road finished," quips one local.

Agutaya and the islands around it are too tiny to matter to Manila, locals say

On the other end of the island, rusting steel bars stick out of an incomplete concrete structure that is gradually being overrun by vegetation.

It was supposed to be the new rural health unit, Dr Alena says. Work stopped last year because the local government ran out of money. "But they haven't completed their part of the deal," she says, her frustration palpable.

Philippine politics is not driven by parties, but personalities, and dominated by large, powerful clans whose chiefs promise resources from Manila in return for votes. As one local woman put it, Agutaya is too small a community: "There aren't enough votes here that make it worth the money."

Local politicians have little incentive to change and come election time, vote-buying is common enough that it now seems to have a well-worn price: 500 pesos, or $9 (£7). Corruption runs deep, and the money pouring in doesn't seem to reach its destination.

"I came here very idealistic," Dr Alena says, sighing. "I was very aggressive to try and change the way the local health system worked. But then as time goes on you realise that three years is far too short to make any big changes."

As her time on Agutaya - a three-year-contract - drew to an end, many islanders told her they would be sad to see her go. "Time flies fast," said Ricardo, one of the senior nursing assistants, who described her as "selfless and hardworking".

As much as she helped, Dr Alena says she feels deeply frustrated at the end of her stint

But in the weeks since returning to Manila, Dr Alena says she has felt disappointed and even cynical about her experience working for local government. She was offered a job at the provincial health administration in Palawan but turned it down. Instead she wants to work in a medical charity or NGO.

Last week, she returned to Agutaya as part of an NGO-run programme. For decades, the NGO, with the help of local and international donors, has been regularly sending specialist doctors to the islands to do minor surgeries.

But this time Dr Alena's journey didn't last two and half days. She, along with other doctors, arrived there three hours after taking off from Manila - they touched down on a runway on the luxury island of Amanpulo.

Willoughby said it felt "very strange indeed sitting here without Phil"

Holly Willoughby has said she feels "shaken, troubled and let down" as she returned to ITV's This Morning.

The presenter's appearance on Monday's show was her first since the departure of her co-host Phillip Schofield.

Willoughby addressed viewers directly and said it felt "very strange indeed sitting here without Phil".

She added recent events had been "a lot to process" and thanked viewers for their messages of support.

Her statement received a mixed response on social media, with some viewers questioning her authenticity.

Schofield left his role on This Morning last month following reports of a rift with Willoughby.

The 61-year-old later exited ITV altogether after he admitted lying about an affair he had with a young male colleague while he was still married.

Josie Gibson is currently standing in as Willoughby's co-presenter

On Monday, Willoughby asked viewers: "Are you OK? I hope so, it feels very strange indeed sitting here without Phil. I imagine you might be feeling a lot like I have, shaken, troubled, let down, worried for the wellbeing of people on all sides of what's going on, and full of questions.

"You, me and all of us at This Morning gave our love and support to someone who was not telling the truth, who acted in a way that they themselves felt they had to resign from ITV and step down from a career that they loved.

"That is a lot to process, and it's equally hard to see the toll that it's taken on their own mental health."

Willoughby presented Monday's episode of This Morning alongside Josie Gibson, a former Big Brother winner who regularly guest presents the ITV daytime show.

Willoughby continued: "I think what unites us all now is a desire to heal, for the health and wellbeing of everyone. I hope that as we start this new chapter and get back to a place of warmth and magic that this show holds for all of us, we can find strength in each other.

"And from my heart, can I just say thank you for all of your kind messages, and thank you for being here this morning. Every single person that works on this show will continue to work hard every single day to bring you the show that we love."

In an interview with BBC News last week, Schofield said he had accepted his career was over following the affair, describing it as a "grave error".

A source close to Schofield told the Sun he would not be watching Willoughby's return on Monday, commenting: "He physically could not watch - he's not there yet. Even listening to the opening credits would be hugely triggering."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Phillip Schofield said the affair was his "biggest, sorriest secret"

Willoughby's statement at the start of Monday's This Morning seemed heartfelt and difficult for her to deliver - she was seen holding Gibson's hand for emotional support.

Perhaps one of the most striking things was that Willoughby only used Schofield's name once, right at the beginning.

After that, she did not even refer to his gender when discussing recent events. "They themselves felt they had to resign from ITV and step down from a career that they loved," she said in reference to Schofield.

Willoughby's continued presence on the programme will depend on her authenticity, and some viewers on social media were sceptical about her statement.

Some users drew comparisons with the speech Jennifer Aniston's character gave in Apple TV's The Morning Show - which also had a storyline about a disgraced former presenter. Others compared Willoughby's tears to former health secretary Matt Hancock's on Good Morning Britain in 2021.

One viewer recalled guest presenter Alison Hammond becoming emotional about Schofield last week, writing: "On Friday, I believed Alison and you could tell she was truly upset. Unfortunately, I didn't feel the same listening to Holly Willoughby this morning."

Another viewer referred to Willoughby's almost angelic on-screen look: "If I was a cynical person, I'd say they've made a very conscious decision to dress Holly Willoughby in white for her big speech."

Willoughby's emotional opening speech did not overshadow the rest of the programme. She and Gibson cleanly and skilfully segued into the show's regular tone and content

Any viewers who happened to tune in at 10:05 would never have known from watching the subsequent items about hay fever, holiday scams and BBQ king prawns that the episode had opened in such an unusually serious way.

The next few weeks will be crucial for Willoughby in proving she can still connect with viewers

This will have been exactly what bosses wanted, sending the message to viewers - and advertisers - that it's very much business as usual and the programme is not going anywhere.

But will the audience be convinced? Those watching on Twitter, admittedly an unrepresentative platform, were sceptical of Willoughby and the sincerity of her statement.

If the TV star wants to survive on the show, she will have to use the next few weeks to prove that she can still connect with viewers and build an authentic chemistry with the various guest hosts.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Carlos Alcaraz won the Wimbledon men's singles title for the first time by ending Novak Djokovic's recent dominance with a stunning victory.

Spain's Alcaraz, 20, fought back from a nervy start to win 1-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-1 3-6 6-4 against the defending champion.

Djokovic was going for a fifth straight win, an eighth men's triumph and a 24th major - all record-equalling feats.

But the 36-year-old Serb was outlasted by top seed Alcaraz, who underlined his class by winning a second major title.

"It is a dream come true for me," Alcaraz, who was playing in only his fourth grass-court tournament, said.

"Even if I lost, I would have been proud of myself. To be able to play in these stages of these occasions - as a boy of 20 years old - is really fast.

"I'm really proud of myself."

Alcaraz, who won his first Grand Slam title at the US Open last year, celebrated by falling flat on his face after taking his first match point and kicking a ball into the crowd.
• None 'Wimbledon win the happiest moment of my life'
• None 'Tough one to swallow' - Djokovic tearful after loss

The majority of a packed Centre Court, which included the Prince and Princess of Wales, actor Brad Pitt and two-time winner Andy Murray, rose to their feet to acclaim the All England Club's newest champion.

As tradition now dictates, Alcaraz ran up the stairs from the court to his box and embraced coach Juan Carlos Ferrero, along with his family and friends.

Alcaraz is the third youngest man to win the Wimbledon title in the Open era after 17-year-old Boris Becker in 1985 and 20-year-old Bjorn Borg in 1976.

"You never like to lose matches like this but I guess when all the emotions are settled I have to still be very grateful," said 23-time Grand Slam champion Djokovic, who broke down in tears during his on-court speech.

"I won many tough matches here. Maybe I have won a couple of finals I should have lost so maybe this is even-steven.

"It is a tough one to swallow when you are so close. I lost to a better player, I have to congratulate him, and move on - stronger hopefully."

Before an eagerly anticipated men's final between the top two seeds, Djokovic further ramped up the excitement by predicting a "feast" between a pair with equally "hungry" appetites for success.

A compelling contest - full of quality, drama and momentum swings - lived up to the hype.

The pair have been two of the leading players on the ATP Tour this year and jostled for position as the world number one.

Djokovic won the Australian Open and French Open this year to move ahead of Rafael Nadal's tally of 22 major titles, knowing another victory would equal Margaret Court's all-time record of 24 victories.

At the opposite end of the career scale, Alcaraz was aiming to prove not all of the younger generation can be overawed by Djokovic's greatness.

The Spaniard had already been dealt a chastening experience when facing Djokovic, having suffered body cramps during their French Open semi-final last month because he was so overcome by nerves.

One of the plotlines going into the Wimbledon final centred on Alcaraz's state of mind.

Alcaraz was confident that fear was out of his system going into Sunday's showpiece - but that did not look to be the case in a one-sided first set, which Djokovic won after just 34 minutes.

Djokovic suffocated his opponent with his deep and consistent returning, forcing Alcaraz into hurrying his shots and making too many mistakes.

Alcaraz slowly grew into the contest, finding more rhythm with his groundstrokes and introducing an increasing number of the drop shots for which he is becoming known.

After turning the deficit into a lead, helped by edging a mammoth 27-minute game early in the third set, Alcaraz produced two loose errors at a crucial time in the fourth and Djokovic went on to level.

However, Alcaraz's composure returned in the decider.

He broke for a 2-1 lead which led to Djokovic smashing his racquet on the net post and, continuing to play with power and variety, served out a stunning victory after four hours and 42 minutes.

Djokovic still well placed to create further history

The tears from Djokovic after the match were indicative of the physical and mental effort he puts into creating even more history.

The defeat meant he was unable to equal Roger Federer's men's record of eight Wimbledon titles and Court's all-time record of 24 major wins.

Djokovic also saw two mind-boggling runs - 34 successive match wins going back to 2017, and 45 straight victories on Centre Court stretching back to 2013 - ended by Alcaraz.

Despite the disappointing manner of the loss, there was plenty to suggest the veteran is still well placed to at least equal Federer's and Court's tallies.

His game, physicality and elasticity remain as good as ever.

"I hope this will be the beginning of a rivalry for some time - for my sake," said Djokovic on the prospect of more duels with Alcaraz.

"He's going to be on the tour for quite some time. I don't know how long I'll be around.

"I hope we get to play at the US Open. I think it's good for the sport, one and two in the world facing each other in a five-hour, five-set thriller.

"It couldn't be better for our sport."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None Can you trust your best mate to be your best man? Find out in Jason Manford and Steve Edge’s new podcast
• None Can certain foods make you hungrier? Professor Tim Spector takes Michael Mosley through his top food and nutrition tips

Nohema Graber, 66, was prominent in the Spanish-speaking community

A teenager in the US state of Iowa who beat his teacher to death with a baseball bat over a bad grade has been sentenced to life in prison.

Willard Miller, 17, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in April for his role in the 2 November 2021 killing of Nohema Graber, a Spanish teacher.

Miller and co-defendant Jeremy Goodale, now 18, attacked Ms Graber, 66, after she marked down Miller's work.

Aged 16 at the time of the murder, both were charged as adults.

On Thursday, Miller was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole only after at least 35 years.

He was also ordered to pay at least $150,000 (£117,000) in restitution to the victim's family.

Before delivering his sentence, Judge Shawn Showers rejected defence arguments that Miller was too young at the time to understand the gravity of his actions.

"Evil does not have a birthday," he said.

Family members of Ms Graber told the court they did not believe Miller was remorseful.

Several relatives mentioned that the murder led to the early death last month of Ms Graber's husband, Paul. He was buried a day before Thursday's sentencing.

Miller apologised to the community and turned to address Ms Graber's relatives seated behind him.

"I am sincerely sorry for the distress I have caused you and the devastation I have caused your family," he said.

Pleading with the judge to forego the maximum sentence, Miller said: "I don't want to be institutionalised so long that I forget who I am and where I come from."

Prosecutors said the evidence showed both Miller and Goodale had bludgeoned Ms Graber with a bat during the attack in Fairfield, a town of fewer than 10,000 people that lies 100 miles (160km) south-east of the state capitol, Des Moines.

The day after the attack, police found the mother-of-three's body hidden under a tarpaulin, wheelbarrow and railway sleepers in a local park where she used to walk after school.

In a police interview, Miller described frustrations with the way Ms Graber taught Spanish.

He said his marks in her class were lowering his Grade Point Average, an important score during applications for US colleges and scholarships.

Miller met Ms Graber at Fairfield High School on the day of the murder to discuss his poor grade in her class. Goodale was also a student there.

Mexican-born Ms Graber had been employed at the school since 2012. She was part of the town's small but growing Latino community.

Chris Heaton-Harris says the UK government now has more clarity on DUP demands

Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris has said he is "very hopeful" that the Stormont executive will return in the autumn.

He said he believed a resolution of the difficulties was "getting much closer".

But Sinn Féin's Michelle O'Neill said she did not hear any urgency on the part of the UK government to restore Stormont during her talks.

The DUP has insisted new legislation is needed before it will end its 18-month boycott over post-Brexit trade rules.

The party walked out of Stormont's power-sharing executive in February 2022 in protest over a Brexit deal which introduced new checks and restrictions on goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland.

The Northern Ireland secretary was speaking after holding a series of talks with the main political parties this week.

He said new legislation may be required at Westminster and the government now has "a lot more clarity" about what the DUP is seeking.

Speaking after her meeting at Hillsborough Castle on Thursday, Ms O'Neill said she made it clear to the secretary of state that the current political vacuum at Stormont was "totally unsustainable".

"All it is serving is to punish the public," she said.

"Whilst people in the DUP take themselves off on summer holidays, families are left struggling; workers and families are left struggling and worried about how they are going to deal with the cost of living."

If you'd asked me where we're at earlier today I would have said in a very bad place, but that's before we heard the optimism pouring out of Chris Heaton-Harris.

He, let's face it, is in a better position to know than us.

Let us see what happens in September before popping any Champagne corks.

We have to see what the DUP says, because no matter how much people don't like it, there will be no deal unless the DUP says there's a deal.

We are certainly not there yet.

Earlier, Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leader Doug Beattie predicted the executive would be restored by the autumn.

Mr Beattie said his delegation had "a good conversation" with the secretary of state at Hillsborough Castle but said he was a realist and admitted that "the timings are getting tight".

Mr Beattie said there would be a couple of weeks in September when a decision would have to be made and insisted "that's down to the DUP".

The UUP's Robbie Butler and Doug Beattie also met the NI secretary at Hillsborough

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), SDLP and Alliance Party met the secretary of state in London on Wednesday.

Afterwards, the DUP said that the onus was on the government to introduce new legislation at Westminster from September.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak negotiated the Windsor Framework with the EU to address some of the problems created by the post-Brexit Irish Sea border.

But the DUP said it still had many concerns and submitted an 18-page document to the government outlining its demands before it will return to Stormont.

The Sinn Féin delegation told reporters that the party has not seen that document because, so far, it had only been shared with the government.

The talks are aimed at restoring Stormont's devolved institutions at Stormont which collapsed in February 2022

Speaking after meeting Mr Heaton-Harris on Wednesday, the DUP's deputy leader, Gavin Robinson, said the government knows what steps are needed to restore devolution.

"They are going to have to bring forward measures in the House of Commons that address the constitutional issues that we have highlighted," he added.

However, SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said the DUP had been given "far too much road" and that it was time for the government to get much tougher on them.

Speaking to BBC's Good Morning Ulster on Thursday, the Foyle MP said the DUP "need to get back to work" as local people are frustrated.

"We have a quarter of the population on hospital waiting lists and we have the DUP playing games," Mr Eastwood said.

Colum Eastwood says he is downbeat about Stormont being restored soon

"We are in this sort of de facto direct rule situation where the British government is making decisions when we need local people making those decisions."

Alliance's deputy leader Stephen Farry said he was "not entirely sure that the government and the DUP are on the same page" in terms of requests for new legislation to deal with the DUP's concerns over the Windsor Framework.

Stephen Farry from Alliance said he was concerned about Stormont's worsening finances during the wait to restore devolution

He told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that he too did not know exactly what the DUP has asked for.

"I hear the rhetoric at times from the DUP. I hear demands at times that are unrealistic," Mr Farry said.

The North Down MP added: "I am concerned - and the longer this drifts, the worse the current financial crisis gets in Northern Ireland."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The chief constable of Police Scotland has admitted that the force is institutionally racist and discriminatory.

Sir Iain Livingstone said prejudice and bad behaviour within the force was "rightly of great concern".

He also said that acknowledging the issues exist was vital for real change to happen.

A review recently uncovered first-hand accounts of racism, sexism and homophobia by serving officers.

It also heard about cases where staff had been "punished" for raising concerns.

Sir Iain's statement is believed to be the first of its kind by a police chief and comes amid ongoing controversy about policing culture in the UK.

But he stressed that his admission of institutional discrimination did not mean that individual officers and staff were racist or sexist and expressed pride and confidence in their work.

Speaking at a meeting of the Scottish Police Authority on Thursday morning, Sir Iain said: "It is the right thing for me to do, as Chief Constable, to clearly state that institutional racism, sexism, misogyny and discrimination exist.

"Police Scotland is institutionally racist and discriminatory. Publicly acknowledging these institutional issues exist in our organisation is essential to our absolute commitment to championing equality and becoming an anti-racist service,

"It is also critical to our determination to lead wider change and support wider change in society."

Sir Iain, who is to retire on 10 August, admitted that people from different backgrounds or with different requirements "don't always get the service that is their right" and that this was also true for the force's own officers and staff.

Sir William Macpherson's definition of institutional racism, set out in his 1999 report into the killing of black teenager Stephen Lawrence, is the collective failure of an organisation to provide an appropriate and professional service to people because of their colour, culture, or ethnic origin.

It can include processes, attitudes and behaviour which amount to discrimination through unwitting prejudice, ignorance, thoughtlessness and racist stereotyping.

Sir Iain Livingstone is to retire as chief constable in the summer

Sir Iain said the force had already put in place measures including enhanced vetting of its officers and a more rigorous recruitment process to help tackle the issue.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said that, as a person of colour, the admission of institutional racism by the chief constable was "monumental" and "historic".

Mr Yousaf said he had personal experience of racism within the police, having been "searched over a dozen times as a young boy, whether it was in my car or walking with my friends in the street or in airports".

Police Scotland last year launched a four-year strategy called "Policing Together" to tackle discrimination in the force and in the community, with a mandatory leadership programme to be rolled out to about 5,000 officers and staff to improve the existing workplace culture.

The force has faced a number of concerns about that culture in recent years.

Some women who are former officers spoke to the BBC's Newsnight about a "boys club" culture at all levels of Police Scotland.

One of them, former firearms officer Rhona Malone, won almost £1m in compensation from the force after an employment tribunal found she had been victimised when she had raised concerns about sexism.

Former Police Scotland firearms officer Rhona Malone was victimised after raising concerns about sexism

Ms Malone said the chief constable's admission was welcome, and that she hoped it would help officers within the force who are currently challenging Police Scotland on these issues.

However she said she was angry that it had taken so long to recognise the problem, and that officers who had raised concerns were still "getting pushback".

The force is also under pressure due to an ongoing public inquiry into the death of Sheku Bayoh, who died after he was restrained by police officers in Kirkcaldy.

The inquiry is investigating the circumstances of the 31-year-old's death and whether race was a factor.

Admitting Police Scotland has serious institutional failures is a bold move when you've been in charge of the force for more than half its existence.

This politically savvy chief constable will say it's the right thing to do and the right time to do it, as he prepares to step down.

Sir Iain Livingstone's words will be closely examined at the public inquiry which is investigating whether race was a factor when Sheku Bayoh died in police custody eight years ago. Sir Iain took care to mention Mr Bayoh's family today.

His statement will be applauded by many in civic Scotland at a time when the force's handling of its investigation into the SNP has attracted criticism from some political quarters.

As for the reaction from inside the force, Sir Iain's popularity with the rank and file will help them accept this tough message - but Police Scotland's frontline is already under great pressure.

The force has its lowest number of officers since 2008 because of real terms budget cuts and an independent review has described frontline resources as the greatest challenge to changing its culture.

The review group said officers have "little or no space" to devote to reflection or training.

Sir Iain has acknowledged what his counterpart in the Met, Sir Mark Rowley, has refused to do.

He has said Police Scotland is guilty not just of institutional racism but also institutional discrimination. Has admitted a lot of people have been let down.

Sir Iain is adamant this is not a case of warm words from a chief constable who's about to walk out the door.

But it will be years before we find out whether this landmark moment has been a catalyst for real change.

An independent review group established by Police Scotland to examine its record on equality, diversity, inclusion and human rights noted the "widespread view" that although discriminatory attitudes are still present in the force, there had been a marked shift over the past decade.

The review also found that efforts to improve Police Scotland's culture are being held back by financial issues and pressure on frontline resources.

Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross said the problems in Police Scotland were "systemic" and its complaints processes were "not fit for purpose".

He also urged the Scottish government to deliver extra resources for the force and to provide extra protection for whistleblowers who fear punishment if they raise legitimate concerns.

Human rights lawyer Aamer Anwar, who had his teeth smashed out in a racist attack by police in Glasgow in 1991, said those in policing had refused to accept institutional racism for too long.

Mr Anwar, who represents the family of Sheku Bayoh, said Sir Iain's statement was a "testament to families and all those struggles fought by the victims of racial violence and injustice".

The National Food Crime Unit (NFCU) is investigating potential food fraud involving pre-packed sliced beef which was labelled as British but came from South America and Europe.

A supermarket in the UK has been forced to remove products from its shelves.

The unit has declined to name the retailer or the supplier of the meat.

Andrew Quinn, deputy chief of the NFCU, said it was not a food safety issue but a matter of food fraud, which it takes very seriously.

Mr Quinn said: "The retailer was notified on the same day that we took action against the food business suspected of the fraud and immediately removed all affected products from their shelves.

"The retailer continues to work closely and cooperatively with the NFCU investigation to progress the case against the supplier. This is not a food safety issue but a matter of food fraud."

The BBC has contacted UK supermarkets for comment. Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, Aldi, Lidl, the Co-op, Waitrose, Morrisons, Iceland and Marks & Spencer said they are not the retailer that had been supplied with the beef.

Charlotte Di Cello, Waitrose commercial director, said: "We know each and every farmer that produces our Waitrose beef. At Waitrose, higher welfare means higher welfare and British means British. These standards are fundamental to our makeup and this will never change."

The investigation - codenamed "Operation Hawk" - was made public in December by the Food Standards Agency, which is the parent body of the NFCU.

At the time it said it was looking into the directors of a company which sold large volumes of pre-packed meat to UK supermarket retailer "who pride themselves on only selling British products".

However, it did not disclose details of the probe, including what type of meat was in question.

Some trade associations told Farmers Weekly magazine, which revealed that beef was at the centre of the investigation, they were disappointed that it had taken until now for some facts to be released.

A spokesman for the Association of Independent Meat Suppliers, said: "It is only today that we have found the product concerned is beef, and it is our belief, given the popularity of sliced cooked beef across all trade channels, that its sale by food fraudsters will not have been limited to a single supermarket.

"The NFCU's current play book has the potential to damage UK overseas trade simply by their policy of a lack of transparency and industry engagement."

The NFCU's Mr Quinn said: "Any fraud investigations of this nature take time to go through evidence and bring to any outcome, including any potential prosecution.

"We take food fraud very seriously and are acting urgently to protect the consumer."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Two Olympic wrestlers have been detained by police in India during the latest protest against the alleged sexual abuse of female athletes.

Bajrang Punia and Sakshi Malik were among those trying to march to Delhi's new parliament on Sunday.

They were stopped by hundreds of police, who were on duty for the building's inauguration.

Footage showed protesters climbing over barricades and being carried away by the authorities.

Two-time World Championship medallist Vinesh Phogat and her sister Sangeeta were also among the country's top wrestlers to be detained.

"This is wrong," Ms Malik told reporters after she had been placed on a bus by the authorities.

"We were walking quietly, they dragged us forcefully and detained us and they're not even telling us where we will be taken."

"Our people are not being allowed to march," said Mr Phogat, adding that the protesters "requested with folded hands" that police let them go and that they would go peacefully.

The incident happened as Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was officially opening the new parliament nearby, which has replaced the British-era building.

Most opposition parties boycotted the ceremony after criticising the government for not asking President Droupadi Murmu, who is head of state, to open it.

Police claimed the protesting wrestlers had not followed their directions and that they had detained those who had tried to break the barricades.

"They broke the law," Delhi's Special Commissioner of Police, Dependra Pathak told local media.

"Regarding further action, we would ascertain what rules have been violated and then take action by following due legal process."

The police also removed tents and other items from the site where the protesters have been camped out for weeks.

Their handling of the march has been criticised by a number of opposition politicians.

"Strongly condemn the way Delhi Police manhandled Sakshi Malik, Vinesh Phogat and other wrestlers," tweeted West Bengal's Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee from the All India Trinamool Congress party.

"It's shameful our champions are treated in this manner."

Delhi's Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, who is from the Aam Aadmi Party, called the police's behaviour "very wrong and condemnable".

Ms Malik - the first Indian woman to win an Olympic wrestling medal in 2016 - later tweeted that once she and her fellow protesters were released they would begin their "satyagraha", a form of non-violent resistance, again.

The demonstrators accuse wrestling officials of sexually harassing women in the sport. That includes the head of its governing body, Brij Bhushan Singh, who denies the claims.

Their protests began in January but were called off the same month after Mr Singh was stripped of his administrative powers by the sports ministry and the government promised to investigate their complaints.

The Indian Olympic Association set up a committee to investigate the allegations against Mr Singh, which submitted its report weeks ago. The committee's findings haven't been revealed yet.

Police in Delhi were also on guard on Sunday as a group of farmers tried to enter the city to support the wrestlers. That was after dozens of farmers broke down police barricades in Delhi to join another protest earlier this month.

Greece has been spearheading efforts to force museums and private collections to return stolen artefacts

Greece says it has recovered hundreds of looted artefacts, including a 2nd-Century bronze statue of Alexander the Great.

The trove was recovered after a legal battle with the company of a British antiquities dealer, officials said.

Robin Symes had amassed thousands of pieces as part of a network of illegal traders.

For years, Greece has been fighting to recover looted artefacts from museums and private collections world-wide.

The announcement that 351 objects from Symes's collection were being repatriated after a 17-year legal battle was made by Greek Culture Minister Lina Mendoni on Friday.

Ms Mendoni did not say if the artefacts were linked to the discovery by Italian and Swiss police in 2016 of a haul of archaeological treasures said to have been stored by Symes at the Geneva freeport in Switzerland.

Arguably the most high-profile artworks in the debate about whether museums should return items to their countries of origin are the Parthenon Sculptures.

They were removed from the Parthenon temple in Athens in the early 19th Century by the British soldier and diplomat, Lord Elgin. The sculptures were then bought by the British government in 1816 and placed in the British Museum.

Talks about their return are said to be advancing.

In March, the Vatican returned three fragments of Athens' Parthenon temple it had kept for centuries.

Gary Lineker's agent has said the star thought he had a "special agreement" to tweet about refugees and immigration

Former ITN chief executive John Hardie is to lead an independent review of BBC social media guidelines in the wake of the furore over Gary Lineker's tweets.

The row erupted when the Match of the Day host said the government's language about migrants was "not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

The BBC took him off air, saying he had broken its guidelines on impartiality.

But he returned a week later, with the the corporation announcing the review to address "grey areas" in its rules.

Lineker is one of the BBC's best-known and best-paid stars, but is employed on a freelance basis.

The review will examine what freelance presenters working outside news, current affairs and factual journalism should be allowed to say on their personal social media accounts.

Mr Hardie ran ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5's news while chief executive and editor-in-chief of ITN from 2009 to 2018.

He said: "I approach the task with no preconceptions and an open mind. I look forward to hearing from a wide range of voices, from both inside and outside the BBC, as the work progresses."

The BBC said the review is expected to be completed by the summer, after which any changes to the guidance will be published.

Lineker was told to "step back" from hosting Match of the Day earlier this month because his tweets about the government's new migration policy were deemed to be "a breach of our guidelines" by the BBC.

Many other sports presenters and pundits refused to go on air in a show of support, leaving that weekend's TV and radio programming in tatters.

"We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can't have a view on issues that matter to him," the corporation said at the time. "But we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies."

Journalists working in news programmes have strict rules about what they can say on social media.

Some others "have an additional responsibility to the BBC because of their profile on the BBC", the current guidelines say. "We expect these individuals to avoid taking sides on party political issues or political controversies and to take care when addressing public policy matters."

Lineker's agent has said the star thought he had a "special agreement" with BBC director general Tim Davie to tweet about refugees and immigration.

Lineker agreed his return with Mr Davie several days after the original suspension, with the director general announcing the review and "accepting there was potential confusion caused by the grey areas of the BBC's social media guidance".

He said: "The BBC has a commitment to impartiality in its Charter and a commitment to freedom of expression. That is a difficult balancing act to get right where people are subject to different contracts and on-air positions, and with different audience and social media profiles."

Some people have also pointed to tweets containing political opinions by stars of other BBC shows, such as The Apprentice's Lord Sugar.

King Charles III has been crowned alongside Queen Camilla in ceremony steeped in splendour and tradition inside Westminster Abbey.

A host of other events have been planned for the rest of the weekend. Here is your guide to what will happen on Sunday and Monday.

Neighbours and communities across the UK are being invited to share food and fun together as part of the Coronation Big Lunch.

From 20:00, The Coronation Concert will showcase the country's diverse cultural heritage in music, theatre and dance. Kirsty Young will anchor the live coverage for BBC TV and BBC iPlayer and Clara Amfo and Jordan Banjo will be backstage with the artists.

The concert will see a world-class orchestra play a host of musical favourites and will also feature, for the first time ever, a joint performance from The Royal Ballet, The Royal Opera House, the Royal Shakespeare Company, The Royal College of Music and The Royal College of Art.

As part of the show, ten locations around the UK including Blackpool, Sheffield, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Newcastle and Gateshead, Cornwall and Belfast will be lit up in a live sequence as part of Lighting Up The Nation.

How to watch: The Coronation Concert will be broadcast live on BBC One, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 2 and BBC Sounds. In London it will be shown on the big screen in St. James's Park.

Hundreds of parties, picnics and all sort of events have been planned by local councils and members of the public.

On Bank Holiday Monday, members of the public will be invited to take part in The Big Help Out, aiming to raise awareness of volunteering.

Thousands of organisations across the country are encouraging the public to make a difference in their local communities, with plenty of opportunities to get involved.

For those staying at home, specially-commissioned programming will be available on iPlayer, including Charles R: The Making of a Monarch, Songs of Praise: A Coronation Celebration and Stitching for Britain.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Pubs, clubs and bars across England and Wales will stay open for an extra two hours on Friday and Saturday. This map allows you to search for events in your area. Here are just a few examples of other events that will be happening around the UK:

What are your plans for the Coronation? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This page explains how the BBC can keep you in touch with the latest news. We offer emails and breaking news alerts via the BBC News website, the BBC News app and Twitter.

Sign up here to receive a range of BBC News editorial newsletters delivered straight to your inbox throughout the week. These are email updates on the latest news, insights and topics across BBC News.

Whenever you come to the BBC News website on a tablet or computer, you'll get notified of the latest breaking news in the 'breaking news banner' which automatically appears at the bottom of your browser window.

The banner will disappear when you click on it, dismiss it or visit another page.

Push notifications are available to users of smartphones and tablets who download the BBC News app, allowing you to receive breaking news alerts. When a push notification is received it will pop up on your screen similar to a text message, regardless of whether or not the app is open at the time. Depending on your settings the alert may also be accompanied by a sound. Tapping the notification will load the corresponding story in the app when it is available. Full details on how push alerts work are available for iPhone and iPads and Android.

You can choose to unsubscribe from push notifications from BBC News in your device's "Notifications" screen.

On Twitter, we offer a breaking news account which you can follow and receive breaking news alerts as they happen. To subscribe login or register with Twitter and then follow @BBCBreaking.

The NEU is the only education union to have gone on strike so far this year

Teachers in four unions in England say they will team up on any strike action over pay - which could mean full school closures in the autumn term.

Only the National Education Union (NEU) has enough backing from members to organise walkouts at present. The next strike will be on Tuesday.

But the three other unions, including two for head teachers, are asking their members whether they want to strike.

The government said co-ordinated action would be "unreasonable".

The four unions teaming up in the dispute are the NEU, the NASUWT, the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) and the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL).

Paul Whiteman, NAHT general secretary, called their decision to co-ordinate action an "unprecedented show of solidarity".

Joined-up strike action - if it were to happen - would affect every state school in England, according to Kevin Courtney, joint general secretary of the NEU.

Between 300,000 and 400,000 teachers could be involved, he said during a joint press conference at the NAHT conference in Telford.

"We would sincerely apologise to parents for disrupting their children's education if we're pushed to that," he added.

Many teachers are about to be asked for a second time whether they want to strike.

Three of the unions have already held ballots this year. However, when the results were announced in January, only the NEU had enough members voting to move ahead to strikes.

NEU walkouts have been held since February, and it is about to reballot its members - asking them whether they would want to continue strike action into next term.

The NASUWT union and the NAHT did not meet the turnout threshold needed to strike in England in their last ballots - but both are due to reballot their members ahead of next term.

The fourth union, ASCL, is due to ballot members for the first time in its history.

Shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson said the issue was caused by "failure on the part of the government to be serious about negotiating", adding that the joint strike action "demonstrates the scale of the anger and the scale of the dissatisfaction" among teachers.

More than half of England's 22,000 schools either closed or partially closed on NEU strike days in February and March.

If members from several unions, including head teachers, were to walk out together, it is likely there would be more full school closures.

A Department for Education spokeswoman said: "For unions to co-ordinate strike action with the aim of causing maximum disruption to schools is unreasonable and disproportionate, especially given the impact the pandemic has already had on their learning."

The joint announcement comes after the NAHT announced it would be reballoting members on pay, funding, workload and wellbeing.

Katie Chilvers, a Year one teacher in Birmingham, supports the NEU strike action and has walked out this year.

Katie Chilvers said she has been using social media to support the cause rather than striking

But she did not take part in the latest strike on Thursday because she could not "justify" losing another day's pay.

"We're looking at around £80 a day that we'd lose out on, on average," she said.

She said she was finding other ways to support the cause, such as "spreading the word" on social media.

The NEU says members can apply to access hardship funds.

Most state school teachers in England had a 5% rise in 2022, and a 3% rise was recommended from September 2023.

But the unions want above-inflation increases, and extra money to ensure any pay rises do not come from schools' existing budgets.

After the February strikes, the government made a new pay offer for school teachers, which included a £1,000 one-off payment this year and a 4.3% pay rise for most staff in September.

The starting salary for teachers in England is also due to rise to £30,000 a year by September - a previous government commitment.

The Department for Education described it as a "fair and reasonable offer" and said that schools would receive an extra £2.3bn over the next two years.

The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said in December that the increased funding would mean that school spending per pupil "will grow in real terms through to 2024 and will return to at least 2010 levels".

All four unions rejected the offer. They said it was still not fully funded, meaning schools would have had to make cuts elsewhere to afford it.

Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said the offer was no longer on the table, so the decision on pay would now be made by the independent pay review body.

Are you a parent of children who are affected? Are you a teacher with a view on the strikes? Please share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Paul O'Grady was pictured with Camilla, the Queen Consort, in February 2022

Camilla, the Queen Consort, has said she is "deeply saddened" by the death of TV and radio host Paul O'Grady.

The broadcaster died "unexpectedly but peacefully" on Tuesday evening at the age of 67, his husband has announced.

In a statement, Camilla said O'Grady's "warm heart and infectious humour lit up the lives of so many".

Celebrities paying tribute included Sir Elton John, Amanda Holden, Zoe Ball and Paddy McGuinness, who described O'Grady as an "icon of British TV".

Strictly Come Dancing judge Craig Revel Horwood, with whom O'Grady had been sharing the role of Miss Hannigan in a theatre production of Annie, remembered the performer as a "gorgeous colleague and friend".

"He was such a wonderful human being, funny and to the point," Horwood said. "Paul, legend, RIP darling."

Comic Peter Kay said he had "happy memories of the lovely Paul O'Grady", who he said was "kind, genuine and naturally funny".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Mark Downie, former editor of daytime programmes at Channel 4, recalled the star's generosity. "When we worked together at Channel 4, Paul O'Grady insisted that new roles on his show were advertised in the local Job Centre," he said.

"He wanted anyone and everyone to be able to apply so they could get a break like he had. And it made the show better. A kind and generous man."

Sir Elton remembered the broadcaster as a "brilliant entertainer", a "supporter of LGBTQ+ rights" and someone who was at the forefront of the "fight against Aids and HIV".

In an emotional Instagram post, the singer thanked O'Grady for, among other things, hosting his and husband David Furnish's "stag party before our civil partnership in 2005" - the first year ceremonies could be performed in England.

"Thank you for all the joy you brought into the world, Paul," Sir Elton said. "You went places nobody had gone before and we will miss you very much."

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original post on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by eltonjohn This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

O'Grady's impact on and contribution to the LGBTQ community was highlighted by several of those paying tribute to the entertainer on social media

"When it felt like no one I ever knew in my life was gay, turning on the telly at tea time seeing someone so charismatic, camp and beloved was beyond comforting for so many of us," said journalist Harrison Brocklehurst.

Comedian and campaigner Joe Lycett added: "I'm sad about Paul O'Grady. I hoped I might meet him one day to tell him what an inspiration he was to me: I loved [how] gloriously loose and effortless his shows were, how he proved you could be political in a light entertainment space and that you could do all this and be really, really funny."

O'Grady's husband Andre Portasio, pictured at the National Television Awards in 2019, said the entertainer had died "unexpectedly but peacefully" on Tuesday evening

One of O'Grady's most recent TV appearances came last year with Camilla, the Queen Consort, for a one-off episode of ITV's For The Love of Dogs - a series the star helped launch in 2012 that followed the work of the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, an organisation for which he was an ambassador.

A statement released on behalf of Camilla on Wednesday said she was "deeply saddened to have learned of the death of Paul O'Grady, with whom she worked closely to support the work of Battersea Dogs and Cats Home and whose warm heart and infectious humour lit up the lives of so many".

Following his death, the animal home remembered O'Grady as a "devoted animal lover" and a "champion for the underdog".

QI host Sandi Toksvig said: "Working with Paul O'Grady was one of the greatest pleasures of my life. Funny, fearless and full of rage. The best. The world seems a little less bright."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Paul O'Grady speaks to Michael Parkinson about his alter ego Lily Savage (2002)

Gaby Roslin, who occasionally sat in for O'Grady on his BBC Radio 2 show, said his death was "unbelievably sad news", describing him as a "one-off".

"Goodness me, we laughed together so much," she said. "Our chats lasted for hours and he'll be up there now nattering away and keeping everyone laughing."

O'Grady broadcast his final BBC radio show in August 2022, having hosted the Sunday afternoon programme for nearly 14 years.

Speaking on her BBC Radio 2 breakfast show on Wednesday, Zoe Ball said: "We're all heavy of heart here this morning at the news of our dear friend Paul O'Grady. I know he was so loved by the Radio 2 listeners and all of us here."

O'Grady received an honorary fellowship from Liverpool John Moores University for services to entertainment in 2005

Top Gear host McGuiness said that O'Grady, for whom he stood in on his chat show more than 15 years ago, "was always supportive, kind and just great to be around".

"Paul started in the pubs and working men's clubs but finished as an icon of British TV. I'll miss him very much."

Former BBC Radio 2 presenter Ken Bruce described O'Grady as a "unique and brilliant broadcaster who brightened the nation".

Drag queen Danny Beard told BBC Breakfast that the star was "the most important person in British culture for drag".

"I don't think there's anyone who does the job that I do that doesn't class Paul as an icon," added Beard, who won series four of Ru Paul's Drag Race UK.

Paul O'Grady was also well known as his drag queen alter-ego Lily Savage

Whenever we talk about on-screen representation, there's a saying; "If you can't see it, you can't be it."

And as tributes to Paul O'Grady pour in, it's clear the saying has never been more appropriate.

He played pubs and clubs as rough-around-the-edges drag queen Lily savage in the 80s, and brought the character to the mainstream in the 90s.

But it was what Paul did next - and how he did it - that made him a trailblazer for gay representation on screen and inspired a whole generation of entertainers that might not ever have thought it possible.

As Britain emerged from the AIDs crisis, with homophobia and stigma still rife, Paul managed to become a staple of prime-time light entertainment; not just as Lily, but as himself. A working class gay man from Birkenhead.

He never assimilated. He never attempted to "straighten up" or change his persona.

And for so many in the LGBT community - who are used to making ourselves smaller or hiding parts of our personality in certain company - that was a game changer.

From documentaries, to his own chat shows, the Blind Date reboot and of course his ITV show Love of Dogs, he never dimmed himself down or tried to make himself more palatable for certain audiences.

He was unapologetically camp, and bitchy. He was Paul - perhaps, though, always with a hint of Lily…

O'Grady was also mentioned by several MPs during Wednesday's Prime Minister's Questions.

Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner and MP Chris Bryant both paid tribute to the entertainer, while deputy prime minister Dominic Raab said Lily Savage "broke glass ceilings and broke boundaries".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Labour MP Chris Bryant pays tribute to Paul O'Grady's role in British gay life and makes an unusual offer to Dominic Raab

Comic Omid Djalili said he was "just coming to terms with the unexpected passing of Paul O'Grady".

"I don't think I've ever been so immediately enamoured with a personality on a first meeting. He truly elevated the very atmosphere in which he moved. God rest his mighty soul."

Presenter and actor Les Dennis described O'Grady as "a true comedy great", adding: "His twinkly, mischievous presence will be missed by so many."

Actor and TV host Rob Brydon said: "Paul O'Grady was a lovely warm and caring man with a lightning fast and devastating wit. What terrible news."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Erron Gordon This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, TV presenter Carol Vorderman said: "He just fizzed, he was one of those people that just made you feel every part of you was alive.

"He exploded through the daft, made-up rules of society. He was a massive talent, but you can't forget he was a social worker when he was younger, he saved babies and young children from abuse, he lived in Soho before it was gentrified, he never judged the vulnerable, the weak, the misunderstood."

O'Grady had recently been on tour playing Miss Hannigan in the musical Annie and had been due to present on Boom Radio in less than two weeks time for Easter Sunday.

O'Grady won trophies at the TV Baftas and National Television Awards during his career

The presenter was born in Birkenhead, on the Wirral, Merseyside, in 1955, to a mother whose maiden name was Savage - which is believed to have inspired his famous drag act.

He began performing as Lily Savage in the 1970s. His drag persona later helmed in a solo show that ran for eight years at London's Royal Vauxhall Tavern, and made a name by speaking out about LGBT issues.

Later, he hosted chat show The Lily Savage Show for BBC for a short run in 1997, before turning his hand to hosting a revived version of game show Blankety Blank, which remained on air until 2002.

O'Grady later hosted teatime programme The Paul O'Grady Show on ITV from 2004 to 2005, before moving with it to Channel 4 from 2006 until 2009. It was later revived in 2013 on ITV and remained on air for two years.

During 2013, the chat show was fronted by guest hosts after he suffered a health scare. He had previously had heart attacks in 2002 and 2006, the latter requiring a stay in intensive care.

During his career O'Grady won a TV Bafta, British Comedy Award and a National Television Award for The Paul O'Grady Show.

In 2008, he was made an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours for services to entertainment.

Boris Johnson will publish evidence in his defence ahead of a grilling by MPs over whether he misled Parliament about Covid rule-breaking parties.

The former prime minister faces a crucial televised evidence session in front of the Commons Privileges Committee on Wednesday.

The committee is yet to publish its final verdict - but its initial update earlier this month said Mr Johnson may have misled Parliament multiple times.

Wednesday's session, which could last up to five hours, will be a key chance for Mr Johnson to persuade the seven cross-party MPs who make up the committee that he did not mislead MPs in December 2021.

That would include when he told the Commons that he had "been repeatedly assured since these allegations emerged that there was no party and that no Covid rules were broken".

Sources close to Mr Johnson say he will publish a "compelling dossier" that will provide evidence and arguments that he did not knowingly mislead parliament.

If he fails to convince the committee and is found guilty, he could be suspended from the Commons, and even faces a recall petition, which would trigger a by-election, if that suspension is for more than 10 days.

Crucially, though, MPs would have to approve any sanction on Mr Johnson.

In May last year, an inquiry by senior civil servant Sue Gray found widespread rule-breaking had taken place, and Mr Johnson was among 83 people fined by police for attending law-breaking events.

The Sunday Times, Observer and Sunday Telegraph report that Mr Johnson's "dossier" will include advice he claims he was given at the time by No 10 aides, advising him that Covid rules were not broken.

The Sunday Times quotes one source saying the messages show "in black and white" that what Mr Johnson told Parliament was what he had been advised to say by officials and his No 10 team, claiming he was forced to rely on advice because he was not at some of the events.

Cabinet minister Oliver Dowden - who served in Mr Johnson's government - told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg on Sunday programme he expected the former prime minister to "put forward a robust defence of his conduct".

The newspapers also report that Mr Johnson's defence may repeat allegations of bias levelled at the former top civil servant Sue Gray, whose inquiry found widespread rule-breaking had taken place in Whitehall during Covid.

Sue Gray produced a highly critical report into lockdown parties under Boris Johnson that contributed to his downfall as PM

Sue Gray has since resigned and has been offered a job as Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff, which caused anger among allies of Boris Johnson including his former cabinet colleagues Jacob Rees-Mogg MP and Nadine Dorries MP.

The Labour Party has said it will give all the information related to its approach to her to the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (ACOBA) - the government's appointments watchdog.

But minister Jeremy Quin has said her proposed move may have breached Whitehall's rules, as approval must be obtained prior to a job offer being announced.

Downing Street sources say any sanctions against Mr Johnson would be a matter for the House of Commons and MPs will therefore be given a free vote - meaning they will not be "whipped" to vote a certain way.

That means Tory MPs would not be asked to vote one way or another, as they were over the proposed suspension of Owen Paterson in November 2021, when Mr Johnson was still prime minister.

The government tried to block Mr Paterson's suspension from the Commons but, after a backlash, was later forced to U-turn. He then resigned as an MP.

At the time, Mr Johnson came in for criticism from many of his own MPs about being told to back Mr Paterson, amid Labour accusations of "sleaze". The first Partygate stories broke only a few weeks later.

The Paterson row was the beginning of the end for Mr Johnson's time as prime minister, and Mr Johnson later admitted he "crashed the car" in his handling of the case.

A spokesman for Mr Johnson said: "The Privileges Committee will vindicate Boris Johnson's position.

"The evidence will show that Boris Johnson did not knowingly mislead parliament."

Police say the death of Sinéad O'Connor is not being treated as suspicious, following the discovery of her body on Wednesday.

The Irish singer and activist, 56, best known for the song Nothing Compares 2 U, was found at her home in Herne Hill, south London at 11:18 BST.

Police say she was "unresponsive" and "pronounced dead at the scene".

London Inner South Coroner's Court said no medical cause of death was given and an post-mortem will be conducted.

The results could take "several weeks" and a decision on whether an inquest will be needed will be decided when they are are known, the court added.

O'Connor's family announced the news of her death on Wednesday evening "with great sadness", saying "her family and friends are devastated".

She will be remembered for many political statements, including in 1992 when she controversially ripped up a picture of Pope John Paul II during a performance on US TV show Saturday Night Live.

Shredding the picture, which she removed from a frame in her mother's home after her death, was a protest against child sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.

Tributes have been pouring in for the Brit and Grammy Award-winning artist, including from singer Annie Lennox , who shared a poetic tribute to O'Connor, calling her "fierce and fragile... impulsive, bold and beautiful... with an incredible voice".

"May the angels hold you in their tender arms and give you rest," she added.

The Pretenders' singer Chrissie Hynde told BBC Radio 2: "She was a really fun person, she was such a riot to hang out with.

"But she was always angling to stir it up - she really poked the hornets' nest, and [was] certainly a one-off and a huge talent. She is without question in a better place - so fly on, sweet angel."

Sinéad O'Connor singing on the BBC in 2013

Speaking on the red carpet for the Mercury Prize nominations, artist Jessie Ware told the BBC she was a "trailblazer".

"I just remember Nothing Compares 2 U - asking my dad to play it in the back of the car over and over," she said.

"That voice, her honesty and fearlessness was transcendental".

One fan left a handwritten tribute to O'Connor on the doorstep of her former home near Dublin

The Taoiseach (Irish PM) Leo Varadkar also paid tribute to O'Connor, who was born in Dublin.

He said her music "was loved around the world and her talent was unmatched".

Sinn Fein vice-president Michelle O'Neill delivered a tribute at Stormont, the Northern Ireland Assembly, saying:"Ireland has lost one of its greats, such a hugely talented female artist, a real trailblazer.

"She was an Irish woman in the music industry who led the way and her loss will be felt greatly by many."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sinéad O'Connor: In her own words

The Smiths singer Morrissey wrote on his website: "She had the courage to speak when everyone else stayed safely silent. She was harassed simply for being herself. Her eyes finally closed in search of a soul she could call her own."

One fan left a handwritten tribute to O'Connor on the doorstep of one of her former homes in Bray, County Wicklow, which read: "May your journey to the afterlife be beautiful and healing."

Irish TV presenter Laura Whitmore said on Instagram: "As an Irish woman growing up in the 90s, she was everything, showing girls were cool.

"Irish women could be recognised globally and shaved heads not just for guys - though not a look I could carry off.

"My mam told everyone who visited Sinéad lived on our road - she was our royalty. Rest in peace Queen x."

Sinead O'Connor performed on stage at the Vogue Theatre in 2020 in Vancouver, Canada

O'Connor, who shot to international fame in the 1990s, was also remembered by Oscar-winning singer and songwriter Glen Hansard.

He said: "Ireland has always preferred its heroes on the wall. Too scared and afraid to deal with them in the room. Now we can finally hang her picture on the wall and revere her for the giant she was."

A 2022 documentary about O'Connor, called Nothing Compares, was set to be aired on television for the first time by Sky on 29 July.

Speaking to BBC Breakfast, RTE music journalist Dave Fanning, who did the first-ever interview with the singer and met her more than 200 times, described her as a "generous person," but acknowledged she was a "polarising" figure.

"When she tore up the picture of the Pope on Saturday Night Live and people said she'd ruin her career, she did ruin her career, because that was the plan.

"She never wanted to be famous, to be a pop star, she felt she was a protest singer."

Kathryn Ferguson, the Belfast film-maker behind the project, said she was "devastated" by the news of O'Connor's death.

"My father introduced me to Sinéad's music in the late '80s," she told BBC Radio 4's Front Row.

The London Irish Centre is holding a tribute to O'Connor on Thursday night, with Annie Mac and guests.

O'Connor had recently moved back to London, tweeting in early July that she had been away for 23 years.

"Very happy to be home," she said, adding: "Hopefully touring Australia and New Zealand toward end 2024. Europe, USA and other territories beginning early 2025."

Ander Herrera has won trophies with some of the biggest clubs in the world but there is a space reserved in the midfielder's cabinet for an accolade that would resonate much closer to home.

After FA Cup and Europa League triumphs with Manchester United, and multiple league and cup wins with Paris St-Germain, Herrera has the chance to help Athletic Bilbao end a 40-year wait for a major trophy in the Copa del Rey final on Saturday.

For the city where he was born and for his father, a lifelong fan who also represented the club but never reached the first team, beating Mallorca in Seville would spark wild celebrations.

"He played more than 200 games in the first division but he couldn't make it here," Herrera tells BBC Sport. "That would have been his dream because this is his club, it is the club he was a fan of when he was a kid."

Pedro, also a midfielder, came through the youth ranks but, with Athletic a force in Spanish football at the time, he instead got his break at Erandio and then Salamanca, Real Zaragoza and Celta Vigo.
• None Two brothers, one club and a 40-year wait

By the time Ander became interested in football his father was working as general manager at Zaragoza.

That was where the younger Herrera fell in footballing love - going to the stadium, kicking about with players after training - and made his professional debut, before joining Athletic for the first time in 2011.

"I am still a Real Zaragoza fan but I admire this club the way Athletic compete, the way they respect the institution," adds Herrera.

"Something that I really like from this club, and I would like my club to have more, is identity. Everyone feels part of it. Even the fans when they go to the stadium, they feel part of this club.

"He would have loved to play for the first team. I could make it, so he is so proud of me as well and he is so happy if we can do something important this season."

The 34-year-old watches Zaragoza when he can as well as United, a club he will "love forever", and PSG, who allowed him to "play with some of the best players in the history of football".

But when it comes to a club's role in society, he says Athletic - with their Basque-only policy - are "most important".

"You see people who have been season ticket holders all their lives and they don't watch other games, they only watch Athletic, that is so different," he says.

"Something I really like from our region and our people is that we love what we do and we love what we have, even though we know probably it is not the best in the world, but we love it more than anything else."

Herrera played under Ernesto Valverde in the final season of his first spell at San Mames, qualifying for the Champions League.

Both have since gone elsewhere - Herrera to United and PSG, Valverde to Barcelona - but back together again they have another chance to reach Europe's elite competition, and sit fifth in La Liga.

"We are doing great, for me Ernesto is one of the best coaches in the world because he adapts and is so smart with the qualities that he has from his team," says Herrera.

"First period here we didn't have as much speed as we have now, so we had a more controlled team, we used to control the games more and have more possession, positional football.

"Now with the players we have got he finds more of the space, he finds more what I say rock'n'roll football, an attacking team trying to get the opponent exhausted and don't give them time to recover, to breathe."

So would Herrera be keen to follow him into the dugout?

"We think about it when you get older in football," he says. "I am still 34 and still have energy to keep playing and I love football, but of course you start thinking about your next chapter.

"I will continue in football for sure, because it is my life, it is my passion, I love football, I love what I do. But you never know where.

"If you see the coaches, the managers, it is so hard, sometimes it is so unfair, their job. You can be fantastic every week, working, they prepare everything, they spend the whole week preparing the game and after you hit the post and you don't score they are out.

"That's why I am not convinced to be a coach one day, because I think it's a very unfair job. As we say in Spanish, I don't close those doors, but you never know."

The Labour MP said she was left feeling humiliated

An MP has said she was left "humiliated" when she was subjected to a social services investigation after a complaint from an internet troll.

The probe was launched after a man complained to Leicestershire Police that Stella Creasy's children should be taken into care.

The Labour MP told Today on BBC Radio 4 he made the complaint as he disagreed with her campaign against misogyny.

Waltham Forest Council decided no action was needed against her.

The Walthamstow MP told the Today programme the man, from Leicester, had initially emailed her office angry about the work she was doing to tackle violence against women.

She ignored them as she gets "a lot of emails like that, lots of MPs do and you think people are entitled to their opinion".

She then received a call from social services informing her they had held a safeguarding investigation over an allegation her children were at "direct risk".

They then told her they thought she was the person who may be at risk "because of the way in which this person is targeting me", she said, adding social services wanted to know how to raise concerns about her safety with the parliamentary policing system.

"I was horrified and humiliated," she said.

"My children now have a social services record and it sets the green light that in public life, you can target these children. I think most people would think that's unacceptable."

The council said it launched the investigation as it was legally required to following the referral from Leicestershire Police.

A panel, which was made up of social workers, then met to discuss the case.

Although the panel decided no action was needed, it is legally prevented from removing the complaint from its record.

The MP said she was told the complainant would not face criminal sanctions as he was "entitled" to his view her children should be taken into care.

Leicestershire Police said it had investigated a "number of emails" sent to the MP and gave the man a community resolution rather than a formal sanction because the messages did not meet the threshold for a criminal offence.

It said the content of the messages had "understandably caused upset and distress" to the MP and officers had spoken to the sender who admitted he was responsible and apologised.

Ms Creasy said she was not "pushing for a prosecution" but for a caution as that would have meant the details would have gone into the police intelligence database.

"Having worked on harassment legislation myself, the irony is not lost on me that one of the challenges we've been trying to raise in tackling harassment against women, is the attitude of the police and that's exactly what I experienced," she said.

Ms Creasy added she was "passionate about safeguarding" and "we can't have the system corrupted in this way".

The MP is a prominent campaigner for women's rights

The MP also voiced concerns that instances like this were "damaging the whole of public life".

She said MPs did not want to be "put into glass cages" but this was "the reason why a lot of women are put off" standing to be an MP as it is "women who are targeted".

"It's not a matter of free speech, the police acted as if his free speech to argue without any evidence at all - he'd never met me, seen my children, he'd never been in a room with us; he simply disagreed with my views.

"That can't stand in a thriving democracy because it's going to drive people out of it."

The force said it had told the complainant to not contact Ms Creasy and there had been no report of further unwanted contact.

A spokesman said: "Leicestershire Police takes any report of harassment extremely seriously and will carry out a full investigation into the report and take the appropriate action.

"The force remains fully committed to keeping women and girls safe, listening to concerns and tackling violence."

According to the Sentencing Council, a community resolution is an "informal, non-statutory disposal used for dealing with less serious crime and anti-social behaviour where the offender accepts responsibility".

"The views of the victim are taken into account in reaching an informal agreement between the parties which can involve restorative justice techniques," it adds.

Waltham Forest Council said: "All safeguarding allegations are dealt with in line with the national legislation. We have a duty to treat each case seriously and ensure the statutory process is followed."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Thomas Duncan says he feels he has let down his late wife Janet

The grieving husband of a woman who was buried in the wrong grave has accused a council of treating his late wife as if she does not matter.

Thomas Duncan said he was still waiting for answers from Cheshire West and Chester Council over the mix-up.

His wife Janet Duncan, 73, was buried in the wrong plot at Neston Cemetery on 26 January.

A council spokesman said it was a "delicate issue" and investigations into what happened were continuing.

Mrs Duncan, who worked as a foster carer for 35 years and cared for 85 boys during this time, was due to be buried in a pre-paid plot following her death on 30 December.

But Mr Duncan, 65 said he realised there was a problem when the stonemason, who was creating his wife's headstone, had applied to the council for permission to install a memorial.

Thomas Duncan says he feels "angry" by the lack of answers over the mix-up

He told BBC North West Tonight: "They phoned me back a few days later and said the council refused permission for a stone to be put on the grave because your name is not on the deeds.

"I phoned the local authority up. I just couldn't take it in.

"They just said my name wasn't on the deeds and they would investigate it."

Mr Duncan said since reporting the issue he had received little contact from the council and was still waiting for a call back two weeks later.

"The council won't talk to me," he said.

"They treat me without any courtesy, any respect, and, more importantly, they treat my good wife as if she doesn't matter and she does."

Mr Duncan said he had been left feeling "angry".

"I think you go through every emotion. All I want to know is what's going on?," he said.

"When can it be sorted? They're not interested."

Mr Duncan said: "I just need an answer. People say to me you've done nothing, you shouldn't feel guilty, you haven't done anything wrong, but I do. I feel as if I've let her down."

A council spokesman said: "This is a very delicate issue and investigations are ongoing.

"The council is in contact with those involved and understands the emotional impact it has had on all concerned."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Police across Europe have seized luxury flats, villas, Rolex watches and sports cars in raids on an alleged criminal network.

Some 22 arrests were made on Thursday after officers swooped in Italy, Austria, Romania and Slovakia.

Eight suspects have been detained, while 14 were placed under house arrest.

The group is suspected of embezzling €600m (£515m) from an Italian Covid recovery fund between 2021 and 2023.

The raids were carried out as part of a large-scale international investigation led by the European Public Prosecutor's Office (EPPO) in Venice.

Officers worked with police forces across Europe to carry out dozens of raids and recover millions in assets.

Italy's financial police says officers seized flats, villas, Rolex watches, Cartier jewellery, gold and cryptocurrencies during the raids.

They also seized luxury cars, including a Lamborghini Urus, a Porsche Panamera and an Audi Q8.

Luxury watches were among the assets seized in Thursday's raids

The EPPO says a group of criminals set up fake companies in order to secure millions in grants from the EU's Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) for Italy.

Between 2021 and 2023, they filed fake corporate balance sheets to show that their businesses qualified for the funding.

In fact, the companies were "only created to defraud the European taxpayer", according to deputy European chief prosecutor Andrés Ritter.

The alleged criminal organisation is suspected of using "advanced technologies" to aid its activities, including virtual private networks, foreign cloud servers and artificial intelligence software, an EPPO report says.

When the suspects received the funds in Italy, they transferred them to bank accounts in Austria, Romania and Slovakia.

A network of accountants, service providers and public notaries allegedly supported the suspects. One accountant has been barred from practising as a result of the investigation.

Italy's financial police seized assets worth more than €600m (£514.4m) in raids across Europe on Thursday

The EU's RRF was set up in 2021 to disburse €723.8bn (£620.6bn) across the bloc after the Covid pandemic disrupted businesses worldwide. Italy is the largest single recipient of the fund.

The EPPO has 1,927 investigations in progress, involving suspected fraud worth €19.2bn (£16.5bn), according to its 2023 annual report.

By the end of last year, some 206 of these investigations were into fraud relating to the EU's post-Covid funding projects.

International summits are a curious mix of the theatrical, diplomatic and administrative.

They are a huge undertaking, with massive security.

Little wonder - a collection of world leaders, in the same place, at the same time, at a long-before advertised event.

And so the skies swarm with helicopters and the streets swarm with lanyard-wearing attendees, clutching their all-important accreditation for fear that, without it, even crossing the road might prove impossible.

I spotted two of my colleagues in the travelling British press pack out on a jog the other day, in the driving rain - shorts and T shirts on, yellow G7 lanyards still hanging around their necks.

Pity the poor residents of the host city suddenly unable to take their normal route to work or wherever, because of road closures.

Then there is the theatre.

At the heart of politics are people. Personal relationships matter in politics and diplomacy just as they do in any other walk of life.

And politicians, in particular, have audiences back home to address, images to burnish and impressions to leave.

So there are the theatrical moments, such as Rishi Sunak wearing the red socks - costing £8 we were told - of the Hiroshima Toyo Carp baseball team, whose fans include the host of the summit, the Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

This might seem trivial, and is a little theatrical - but it also has a value beyond the pictures.

The relationships international leaders have are so often very brief - one or the other leaves office, and along comes a successor - so acts that help establish and deepen those personal relationships have a real value.

Then, there is the diplomacy.

Winning friends and influencing people? The PM gets a selfie with other world leaders

In the weeks and months before a summit, diplomats for each country discuss their own outlooks and those of others, to try to find common ground.

These diplomats are known as "sherpas" - they lead the way to the summit…

Talking to those who have done just that for the UK, you get a sense of just how much work this is.

The subtleties, the nuances, the different emphases of different countries, on a huge range of issues - and changing all the time.

The political leaders then head to the summit.

In this instance, the PM had been in Iceland the day before setting off for Japan. He got back to Downing Street from Rekjavik at 2am.

The flight to Hiroshima, via Almaty in Kazakhstan, set off from Stansted in Essex at 9am.

We landed in Tokyo at 9am Japanese time the next day, 16 hours later, with a full day ahead.

By the end of the day we had made it to Hiroshima.

When the political leaders come together there is a marathon series of talks, both in big groups, and in one-on-ones known as "bilaterals".

At the end, usually, emerges what is called a communique - the agreed conclusions.

Often broad, often vague, they attempt to take account of every country's position, emphasis and focus on various issues, with the aim being that ongoing discussions can build upon them.

At this summit the communique came early, the day before the end.

There wasn't as much wrangling or even chaos that can occasionally happen.

And then finally, a round of news conferences - an opening statement from leaders, followed by questions, often on a wide range of topics.

I asked the PM about the big political story of the day - the Mail on Sunday and Sunday Times storyabout the home secretary's actions after being caught speeding last year.

He was clearly irritated to be immediately confronted by the conduct of one of his ministers after several long days of international diplomacy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Did you have any questions about the summit?" Rishi Sunak asks the BBC's Chris Mason

Little wonder: sleep deprivation, jet lag, complex international deliberations - and then here come (entirely unsurprising) questions about a row back home.

The answer I was given amounted to a holding position: the PM and home secretary hadn't yet spoken about it.

There was no endorsement of Braverman - but no referral to the Independent Adviser on Ministers' Interests either.

Incidentally, we already know Sunak's view on Braverman breaching the ministerial code before he was PM, because he reappointed her as home secretary after she had done just that and resigned.

But it is striking that Downing Street sources are letting it be known that the PM had no idea until the story broke last night about the home secretary's speeding offence, or her request for help from civil servants with its consequences.

He was, I'm told, not informed about it by the Cabinet Office or the Home Office.

No 10 is making it clear that the home secretary hadn't told him, and neither had the Whitehall machine, the civil service.

It is striking too that this story should come via two newspapers, not one, just days after a speech by Braverman that read rather like a future leadership bid.

The story also comes ahead of the publication of new net migration statistics on Thursday.

Numbers are expected to reach a record high, a subject about which Braverman has articulated strong views both publicly and privately within government.

It doesn't appear the government's planned changes to student visas - in particular restrictions on those entitled to bring dependents - will be announced quite yet.

As for summits, there is a Nato one in Lithuania in the summer, and then the G20 in Delhi in September.

What a moment that will be for the PM, and indeed his wife Akshata Murty, were she to choose to accompany her husband once again as she did to Hiroshima.

She was born and grew up in India. He is of Indian heritage himself.

Nicola Sturgeon was synonymous with the SNP, but is now facing calls to quit the party she once led

First Minister Humza Yousaf has rejected calls to suspend Nicola Sturgeon from the SNP after his predecessor was arrested as part of a police probe of party finances.

Ms Sturgeon was released without charge and insists she is innocent, but has faced calls from opposition parties and some SNP politicians to step back from her party membership while the investigation continues.

This inquiry has taken the SNP into uncharted territory after years of stability at the top of Scottish politics, but there have been questions over the membership of some parliamentarians in the past.

What precedent will Mr Yousaf and Ms Sturgeon have to lean upon as they weigh up her future in the SNP?

Colin Beattie quit as SNP treasurer, but continues to represent the party on the back benches at Holyrood

The most immediate examples come from the same police investigation into party fundraising and finances, which has seen two other senior SNP figures arrested and released without charge.

The first was Peter Murrell, the party's former chief executive and Ms Sturgeon's husband - the arrest which sparked a two-day search of the couple's home in Glasgow. Mr Yousaf rejected calls for him to be suspended because he is "innocent until proven guilty".

Meanwhile Colin Beattie opted to step down as SNP Treasurer, but has stayed on as an SNP MSP - with Mr Yousaf saying "it is really important that due process takes place".

The first minister has leaned on these two examples as his reasoning for not suspending Ms Sturgeon, saying he has been consistent in his decisions.

Alex Salmond once said he would return to the SNP after clearing his name, but now runs the rival Alba Party

But under Ms Sturgeon's leadership, there was a broad range of examples where MPs and MSPs resigned or were suspended from the SNP - which obviously cover quite different circumstances to her own.

Her predecessor Alex Salmond resigned his membership when he was accused of harassment, stepping back from the party while he took the government he once led to court over its investigation.

He said he intended to rejoin the SNP once he had cleared his name, but instead set up his own Alba Party after being cleared of sexual assault charges in a criminal trial.

Natalie McGarry voluntarily withdrew from the SNP whip at Westminster before being convicted of embezzlement

Others have also opted to resign or voluntarily "step back" from the party whip or membership.

Natalie McGarry withdrew from the SNP whip at Westminster in 2015 - just months after being elected - amid a fraud investigation.

At the time, Ms Sturgeon said that was "the right thing to have done", although she added that Ms McGarry was "entitled to the presumption of innocence".

She left Westminster at the 2017 election, and was ultimately jailed for embezzlement.

Michelle Thomson has called for Nicola Sturgeon to step back from the SNP, having been pushed out herself in 2015

Resignations are not always entirely voluntary though.

Michelle Thomson resigned the whip at Westminster in 2015 amid allegations of financial impropriety which ultimately led to nothing, with prosecutors announcing two years later that there was an "absence of sufficient credible and reliable evidence" against her.

She said she wanted to stay in the party, but was told it was "a case of go or be pushed" by senior figures in the party.

In a telling sequence of events, she published a statement saying she would co-operate fully with police - one minute before the party released the same statement, but with an additional line saying she had "decided to withdraw from the party whip".

The fact she was left sitting as an independent MP meant she was unable to stand for the SNP in the snap election in 2017, and lost her seat - although she has since been readmitted to the party and is now an MSP at Holyrood.

Ms Thomson has called for Ms Sturgeon to resign the party whip while she is under investigation, saying "her values should be consistent".

Margaret Ferrier was suspended from the SNP and faced calls to quit as an MP after breaching Covid rules

Others have been directly suspended by the party, without being given the option of jumping before they are pushed.

The MP Margaret Ferrier was suspended after admitting she had breached Covid lockdown restrictions, and Ms Sturgeon urged her to quit parliament entirely.

She sits as an independent MP but has now been suspended from the House of Commons too, meaning she faces the prospect of losing her Rutherglen and Hamilton West seat via a recall petition.

At Holyrood, the MSP Mark McDonald was suspended from the party amid harassment allegations which saw him quit as a government minister.

After serving a month-long suspension from parliament he saw out the term as an independent MSP, having quit the party ahead of a group meeting where his SNP membership was to be debated.

The MP Chris Law has pointed out that he was detained by police as part of an investigation without ever being suspended from the SNP

One of the stranger cases was that of Neale Hanvey, who was suspended from the party midway through the 2019 general election campaign after making a "clearly unacceptable" post on social media.

Although technically an independent candidate, the ballot papers in Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath had already been printed with the SNP logo next to his name - and he went on to take the seat from Labour's shadow Scottish secretary.

Mr Hanvey was readmitted to the party in May 2020, but less than a year later he resigned to join the newly-formed Alba Party.

To complete the broadest possible range of potential outcomes, the SNP MP Chris Law has pointed out that he was detained by police in 2016 as part of a financial investigation.

The Dundee West MP was questioned by officers about his Spirit of Independence campaign, but was released without charge.

He was not suspended from the party and was backed by the party leadership, and now says remaining in post "should be the right course for anyone that is in that position".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Parts of the US are expected to see record temperatures on Sunday, with warnings of "dangerous" heat levels into next week across the south-west.

Nearly a third of Americans - about 113 million people - are currently under heat advisories, from Florida to California and up to Washington state.

The country's National Weather Service (NWS) has urged people not to underestimate the risk to life.

On Saturday, a sweltering 118F (48C) was recorded in Phoenix, Arizona.

It means temperatures have hit 110F (43C) for 16 days running, which is almost a record.

Mobile clinics there have reported treating homeless people suffering from third-degree burns.

Meanwhile, Death Valley in California - one of the hottest places in the world - is forecast to reach 129F (54C), nearing the hottest temperatures ever reliably recorded on Earth.

The NWS has said that local records could also be set on Sunday in the San Joaquin Valley, Mojave Desert, and Great Basin regions.

Its Saturday-evening update said the temperatures would "pose a health risk and are potentially deadly to anyone without effective cooling and/or adequate hydration".

About 700 people are estimated to die each year from heat-related causes in the US, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

Energy consumption in Texas has surpassed records, as many in the state scramble to stay cool.

In neighbouring Canada, officials say wildfires stoked by above-average temperatures - which have covered parts of the US in smoke - have now burned nearly 10 million hectares (25 million acres) of land.

The temperatures in America's south-west are the result of an upper level ridge of high pressure, which typically brings with it warmer temperatures, the NWS said earlier, adding that the heatwave was "one of the strongest" systems of its kind to hit the region.

Las Vegas, Nevada, may also match its all-time high of 117F (47C) in the next few days.

Weather officials there warned locals who thought they could handle the temperatures that this was "not your typical desert heat".

"'It's the desert, of course it's hot'- This is a DANGEROUS mind set!", the NWS in Las Vegas tweeted.

"This heatwave is NOT typical desert heat due to its long duration, extreme daytime temperatures, & warm nights. Everyone needs to take this heat seriously, including those who live in the desert."

A woman suffering from heat exhaustion is taken into a medical centre in Texas

The NWS also warned that "strong to severe thunderstorms, heavy rain and flooding will be possible in several locations," including America's north-eastern New England region.

Parts of the south-western US have already grappled with intensely hot temperatures over the past week. In El Paso, Texas, temperatures have been in the triple-digits Fahrenheit for 27 consecutive days.

Air conditioner use in the state has topped its previous record for power consumption as people try to stay cool, while parks, museums and zoos have either closed or shortened their hours.

Hospitals were also seeing heat-related admissions.

"We're getting a lot of heat-related illness now, a lot of dehydration, heat exhaustion," said Dr Ashkan Morim, who works in the emergency room at Dignity Health Siena Hospital, outside of Las Vegas.

Overnight temperatures were expected to remain "abnormally warm" in some areas, offering little night-time relief from the heat.

The US heatwave mirrors similar searing conditions in Europe, which forced Greece to close one of its major tourist attractions, the Acropolis, on Friday and Saturday.

The first week of July saw a global average temperature of 63F (17.23C), according to the UN - the highest ever recorded.

Scientists say the temperatures are being driven by climate change and the naturally occurring weather pattern known as El Niño, which happens every three to seven years and causes temperatures to rise.

The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

Speaking to the BBC, Paolo Ceppi, a lecturer in climate science at Imperial College London, said higher global temperatures were undoubtedly contributing to the increased incidence of extreme weather.

"Of course it's not unusual to have a heatwave in the summer, per se, but what's becoming really unusual is the collection of heatwaves," he said.

"We have this event in southern Europe, but at the same time, we're having another major heatwave in the southern US. Recently we had heatwaves in south Asia, India, China and so on. And unfortunately, this is not surprising.

"We have the baseline temperatures shifting upwards, and so you are shifting the odds towards more severe extreme events, and fewer cold extreme events."

How have you been affected by the extreme heat? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Nicola Heywood Thomas had three children - Tom, Beca and Alys

Welsh broadcaster Nicola Heywood-Thomas has died after an illness.

The host of the Radio Wales Arts Show, 67, who lived in Cardiff, began her career at BBC Wales straight from university as a news researcher.

She worked for Wales Today as a sub-editor, reporter and presenter but was perhaps best known for her 18 years as HTV's main news presenter.

The mother-of-three had continued to broadcast as recently as February.

BBC Radio Wales editor Carolyn Hitt said Ms Heywood-Thomas had been undergoing "very gruelling chemotherapy".

Ms Heywood-Thomas' on-screen work at HTV - the precursor to ITV Wales - also included reporting and fronting current affairs programmes and documentaries.

After leaving HTV, she became closely associated with arts coverage at BBC Wales, as well as working with BBC Radio 3.

ITV Wales said in a tribute she was one of its "most iconic faces".

"She anchored Wales at Six for more than 15 years. Thoughts are with all her friends and colleagues tonight".

Nicola Heywood-Thomas was perhaps best known as HTV's main news presenter

Ms Hitt said Radio Wales was "deeply saddened" by the news of her death.

She said Ms Heywood-Thomas had been the voice of arts coverage in Wales for more than 25 years and was "hugely respected and admired".

The broadcaster brought to her work a journalist's insight and an arts fan's passion, she said.

"She was fascinated by performers and artists and the stories behind the work they created, and always looked for imaginative ways to communicate these stories," Ms Hitt said.

"Nicola championed Welsh culture and hated the idea that the arts were some kind of posh pursuit for the elite."

Ms Hitt praised her colleague for being hard working and "fantastic company".

"We have been astounded and deeply touched in recent months to witness her dedication to her Radio Wales programmes, even though she was facing such challenging health issues," she said.

"We will miss her creativity, her commitment and the warmth of her friendship.

"Wales has lost one of its greatest broadcasters."

Friend Hugh Canning posted on Twitter that the "broadcaster extraordinaire" had died.

Mr Canning said Ms Heywood-Thomas was his oldest friend, adding: "We met in my first year at Oxford - 1972 - when she was 16 and I was 18 and we have been friends ever since.

"I owe her so much. RIP Nicola."

Greek authorities say a boat carrying hundreds of migrants was on a steady course for Italy right up until the moment it capsized off southern Greece, leaving least 78 people dead and many more missing.

However, tracking data seen by the BBC's Europe correspondent Nick Beake suggests the boat was not moving for at least seven hours before it capsized.

Hundreds of thousands of people were affected by passport processing delays and many experienced travel disruptions this year, a watchdog has found.

As coronavirus pandemic travel restrictions were lifted, the Passport Office struggled to keep up with an "unprecedented demand", said the National Audit Office (NAO).

Some 360,000 customers waited more than 10 weeks to receive their passports in the first nine months of 2022.

Whitehall's spending watchdog has urged the Home Office agency to prepare, with up to 10 million applications potentially submitted next year.

Despite preparations, the NAO said there were problems with recruitment, system limitations and unsuccessful efforts to deal with the levels of demand this year.

This contributed to "longer than expected waits", according to findings published on Friday.

In July, mounting delays forced would-be holidaymakers to queue for hours in London during a heatwave.

Queues outside the Passport Office in London last July

Gareth Davies, the head of NAO, said the Passport Office processed a "record number of applications" but dealing with a higher-than-average demand led to "delays for hundreds of thousands of people".

This created "anxiety" for people with travel plans and hampered people using passports as forms of identity, he said.

"HMPO [His Majesty's Passport Office] must now learn the lessons from this year and prepare for similar levels of demand that are expected in 2023."

This year, between January and September, more than seven million people applied and 6.9m passports were processed by the Passport Office. This was a 21% increase compared to the same period in 2019.

In May, more than 1.2m applications were received - with the busiest week seeing 340,000 requests submitted.

However, the NAO acknowledged that in the first nine months of 2022, 95% of customers received their passports within 10 weeks.

The report said about three million passport applications are still anticipated from people who did not renew or apply during the pandemic - meaning a further 9.8m applications could be made in 2023.

During the coronavirus pandemic, significantly fewer people renewed or applied for passports, leading officials to plan for an "expected surge" in applications when travel rules were lifted this year.

HMPO prepared for 9.5m applications - 36% more than an average year. This was based on the number of applications missing from the previous two years.

The Home Office said the impact to passport services is "not unique to the UK" and said it has worked to rectify this.

The grass is already parched in London's Hyde Park

A weekend heat-health alert has been raised from yellow to a more severe amber warning in eastern and southern England, and the Midlands.

The amber alert - in place from 09:00 BST on Friday - indicates high temperatures could affect all ages and impact the health service.

The alert, issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), continues until 09:00 BST on Monday.

Temperatures are forecast to hit 30C and some thunderstorms are expected.

Parts of the country are predicted to be hotter than Marbella, Ibiza and Tenerife in the coming days as a plume of warm air moves in from the south, the Met office says.

A less severe yellow alert, which advises people to check on vulnerable family and friends, is in place for the north of England and London.

The UKHSA first issued a heat alert on Wednesday, but raised it saying the temperatures would rise rapidly in affected areas with temperatures high overnight.

A Met Office yellow warning for thunder is also in place for all of Wales and large parts of southern England from 14:00 BST until 21:00 on Saturday.

This means there is a chance of disruption to travel, power cuts and some localised flooding from the heaviest showers.

During the period of hot weather, the UKHSA advises people to:

A spokesman for the UKHSA said it was difficult to predict the exact impact of higher temperatures on the health service but additional pressure would come from vulnerable groups suffering in the heat.

That includes people over 65, those with respiratory or cardiovascular conditions and children.

Ahead of the hot weather, the UKHSA has been in touch with groups which work with older people, such as care homes, to offer guidance.

Andy Cole, the assistant chief fire officer from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service, urged people to be "vigilant" this weekend and avoid using disposable barbecues or starting campfires.

There was a "record number" of wildfires last year, he said, adding that Dorset and Wiltshire saw a "roughly 400% increase" compared to the year before, with 911 recorded.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Cole said wildfires were "extremely dangerous" and can take a lot of resources from the fire service.

Climate change is making heatwaves in the UK more likely and more extreme.

Last year was the UK's warmest ever - Coningsby, in Lincolnshire, reached a record 40.3C on 19 July.

The UKHSA expects heatwaves are "likely to occur more often, be more intense and last longer in the years and decades ahead".

The new colour-coded alert system, launched last week, is run by the UKHSA and the Met Office and is aimed at reducing illness and deaths among the most vulnerable.

There is one further alert, not yet issued, representing the most serious risk. The red alert means there is a significant risk to life even for healthy people and a severe impact likely across all sectors.

Individuals can sign up to receive alerts directly here, and people can specify which region they would like to receive alerts for.

As a genre, it tends towards the big emotions: Turmoil, trauma, tortured romance, rage, despair and hard-won truths.

But Kacey Musgraves has never been the sort of person to accept country orthodoxy.

She's always done her own thing, whether its adding psychedelic disco vibes to her 2018 album Golden Hour, or casually embracing same-sex love on one of her most popular songs, Follow Your Arrow ("Kiss lots of boys / Or kiss lots of girls / If that's something you're into").

After 2021's experimental, post-divorce record Star-Crossed, her latest album Deeper Well marks another artistic swerve - towards stillness and serenity.

"I'm glad it comes through in the music, because it's where I really feel that I am in my life," she tells the BBC. "I'm 35 now and there's a peacefulness I've felt as I've gotten older."

Part of the process has involved cultivating a more positive lifestyle.

On the album's title track, she sings about cutting off an acquaintance who possesses a "dark energy", and giving up her daily fix of weed.

"It's natural when things lose their shine," she sings, "so other things can glow."

Contentment continues on the Zen-like ballad Sway, where she takes a walk through nature, shedding her anxieties and surrendering to fate, "like a palm tree in the wind".

The star's nature-inspired artwork was shot by her younger sister, Kelly

And Dinner With Friends lists the simple things that please her: Catching a sunrise, the first fireflies of summer, and her home state of Texas ("but none of their laws").

Writing from a place of happiness, she says, is a "fun challenge".

"It can easily become cheesy," she explains, "but I think, as musicians, we're sold this lie that we have to suffer to create good art and that's such a farce.

"It's dangerous, too, because it means that a lot of people hold on to their suffering far longer than they should. They're scared that if they let go of it, they're not going to create decent art - but suffering is just one colour on the wheel.

"It can definitely be inspiring, but some of my favourite songs come from when I'm genuinely peaceful and really happy."

Musgraves was born in the tiny town of Golden, Texas, and has been making music since she first picked up a mandolin at the age of eight.

As a child, she was a champion yodeller, and sang the national anthem at the 2002 Winter Olympics - but it was her songwriting that really caught people's attention.

In her teens, her parents paid for her to record three independent albums, while her grandmother worked as a live agent, calling up venues and telling them they just had to hear her granddaughter's voice.

The singer's first three albums - all self-released - are now hard to track down

After high school, Musgraves moved to Austin and became a working songwriter, supplying tracks for the TV show Nashville and supplementing her income by dressing up as Cinderella and painting kids' faces at birthday parties.

Then, in 2012, one of her songs, Mama's Broken Heart, was recorded by Miranda Lambert and reached number two on the US country charts.

The success helped her secure a record deal of her own, and her major-label debut, Same Trailer, Different Park, went on to win the Grammy Award for best country album.

Even then, she was testing the boundaries of country music - singing about drug use and small-town hypocrisy, despite the advice of her record label boss to tone the lyrics down.

"He literally said, 'You know, Kacey, sometimes in business you just gotta do some things you're not proud of,'" she told fans at a listening event earlier this month. "I said, 'I don't want to play it safe... I don't respect that at all'."

The attitude paid off. A liberal star in the conservative world of country, Musgraves has attracted fans who'd previously felt alienated by the genre; and won over pop audiences by touring with Harry Styles and writing campy disco anthems like High Horse and the blissed-out love song Oh, What A World.

Both songs featured on the breakthrough Golden Hour album, which was written as she fell for her then-husband, Ruston Kelly - who she says opened her mind "to a kind of love I never really envisioned for myself".

The star won three Grammys, including album of the year, in 2019

When the Grammys named it album of the year, Musgraves looked bewildered. "What?" she declared over and over again, clutching her purse to her chest.

But unexpected as it was, the award changed her outlook.

"When you win something like that, you can go one of two ways. You can develop a scarcity mindset of, 'Oh my God, everything else I do after this has to achieve the same thing or I'll see it as a failure'. Or you can look at it as validation for following no compass other than your own.

"I sort of went in the latter direction. I would rather someone says, 'OK, this album's not really for me, I'll catch her on the next record', than try to remake Golden Hour eight times."

Star-Crossed fitted that brief almost too well. Sequenced as a Greek tragedy, it chronicled the end of her marriage, and was often as confusing as the emotions it tried to capture.

Musgraves leaned further into 21st Century pop production, employing auto-tune and synthy electronics; but the good songs (Breadwinner, Camera Roll) were outnumbered by ones that failed to connect.

"It was the record it needed to be and if it wasn't everyone's favourite, I really don't care because it was enjoyable for me to make," she reflects.

The singer says her old songs are so familiar she could play them "upside down, blindfolded, backwards in water"

Some critics have framed Deeper Well as a "back-to-basics" reset after Star-Crossed's muted reception - but the slower pace and the stripped-back instrumentation are simply reflective of her state of mind.

After clearing the clutter of her personal life, she turned to meditation and micro-dosing psilocybin to unburden her mind. The star is now at a stage of life where she'd rather get up to see the sunrise, or take a walk with a friend, than stay up all night partying.

A simpler existence calls for simpler music and, working in the cosy attic space of Jimi Hendrix's Electric Lady studios, Musgraves began to chisel away at her ideas.

"I like adding too much and then slowly clearing the space away until it hits that perfect balance of negative space and decoration," she says.

"Even when it comes to the lyrics, my favourite kind of writing is the most conversational, the most ordinary, the most plain.

"I'm always trying to challenge myself to pare it down even more. I get my initial idea on the paper, and it might be sort of clunky and then I refine and refine until it gets as simple as possible - so that it sounds exactly like you would say it to the person sitting in front of you."

Deeper Well deliberately has a more "muted palette" than its predecessors, Musgraves says

But not all of the songs were created this way. One of the album's highlights is The Architect, in which Musgraves takes stock of the world around her and ponders the existence of God.

A pensive and searching waltz, it was prompted by the horrific Covenant School shooting in Nashville last March, which left six dead.

Musgraves was in the studio with her collaborators Shane McAnally and Josh Osborne at the time, "and it felt silly, to be honest, trying to write a write a song while there were parents grieving their children within a five-mile radius".

The tragedy prompted a debate about the existence of God in a world where such a senseless loss of life could happen.

"I would like to think that the Universe has a flow to it, but when something like that happens, it's just so perplexing. If there is a point to any of this, why are all these people suffering?" she says.

As the musicians talked, Musgraves glanced at the apple she was holding, and it seemed even more absurd. Who would create something "so beautiful and perfect" then allow children to die?

"And Josh goes, 'Yeah, can I speak to the architect? What's going on here?'"

It's a question that Musgraves, for all her newfound tranquillity, still wrestles with.

"Is there a plan? Is there a blueprint? Or is this all just completely random and we're dropped into a bucket and shaken up every day at random?"

Some of Deeper Well's most entrancing songs find Musgraves opening up to love again after her divorce, and considering her subsequent relationship with poet Cole Schafer.

Although the couple parted ways last November, she still believes in love as the Universe's ultimate power.

"It's so palpable," she says. "People entirely change the course of a bloodline by falling in love. It's this invisible force that keeps things moving throughout time.

"That's what I would say God is, if someone asked me."

Kacey Musgraves' album is out now. She starts her world tour in Dublin on 28 April.

Several Nato members, including the US, are thought to be lobbying for current chief Jens Stoltenberg to stay on

Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has said he is out of the race to become the next Nato chief.

Asked about leading the alliance from the end of September, when Jens Stoltenberg's term ends, he told The Economist: "It's not going to happen."

Several Nato members, including the US, are thought to have been lobbying Mr Stoltenberg to stay on.

But on Tuesday, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said his country was not "promoting any particular candidate".

Nato - the West's defensive military alliance - has 31 members who agree to help one another if they come under attack.

Speaking to German media about the top job last month, Mr Wallace said: "I've always said it would be a good job. That's a job I'd like. But I'm also loving the job I do now."

Despite his obvious enthusiasm to succeed Mr Stoltenberg as the next head of Nato, he appears to have failed to get the backing of key allies.

US President Joe Biden described Mr Wallace as "very qualified" for the job when he met Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in Washington recently.

But in private, the US is believed to be one of the nations trying to persuade Mr Stoltenberg to stay - at least for another year. This was echoed by Mr Wallace in comments to The Economist.

The war in Ukraine has re-focused diplomatic attention on Nato's role in the 21st Century and whether it can deter Russian aggression.

Mr Wallace proved popular with a number of countries on the alliance's eastern flank because of his leadership in supplying weapons to Ukraine.

But others have argued for continuity in a time of war, or that the job should be reserved for a former head of government.

Mr Stoltenberg, who has been the alliance's top boss for nine years, has neither confirmed or denied his intentions to continue in the job.

He told reporters last week: "I am responsible for all decisions that this alliance has to take except for one. And that is about my future. That is for the 31 allies to decide."

Another contender for the role is Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen, who - if elected - would be the first female Nato chief.

In his interview with The Economist, Mr Wallace said whoever takes on the role would need to deal with "a lot of unresolved issues in Nato," including differing demands from US and French leadership.

France believes Nato's secretary general should come from within the European Union.

With less than a month to go until the Nato summit in Lithuania, it looks increasingly likely that Mr Stoltenberg will be asked to extend his tenure again.

Nato was formed in 1949 by 12 countries and its original goal was to challenge Soviet expansion in Europe after World War Two.

More recently, Russia has used the expansion of Nato as a pretext for its full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Kyiv is not a member, but has received support from alliance members.

On Wednesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he was disappointed his country had not been invited to join Nato at next month's summit in Vilnius, adding that Ukraine would be the strongest member of Nato's eastern flank.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Police are searching for an animal they believe is a lioness in the south-western outskirts of Berlin.

A police spokeswoman said they received calls and a video alerting them to the wild animal at about midnight on Wednesday, and immediately began their search.

At least 30 police cars were deployed, and veterinarians were called to assist in the search for the big cat.

Residents were told to stay indoors until it is found.

On Thursday evening, police told a local resident that they had "just seen" the lioness and that the search for the animal had entered a "hot phase", German outlet Bild reported, adding that officers shouted at joggers to "get out of the woods quickly".

However, the animal remained elusive after nightfall on Thursday as police hunted with night vision and thermal imaging equipment.

While the number of officers has been reduced, Beate Ostertag of Berlin police told public broadcaster RBB that police would "be in action until the animal is found".

Kleinmachnow Mayor Michael Grubert earlier said authorities had not been able to verify the initial reports of the animal sighting.

A video shared on Twitter - which police believe is real - also appeared to show a lioness in a heavily forested residential area of Kleinmachnow.

However, it is unclear where the animal came from. Local zoos, animal sanctuaries and circuses said no lions have escaped from their facilities.

Police spokesperson Daniel Keip told RBB that "in the summer you often hear reports of crocodiles in swimming lakes and then it turns out all it was, was a big duck. In this case it's obviously totally real. We're dealing with a lioness that's roaming freely through Teltow, Stahnsdorf and Kleinmachnow."

But Michel Rogall, a circus director in Teltow who was woken by police at 02:00 local time, is not so sure.

"If it's a lion, I'll eat my hat," he told the Tagesspiegel newspaper. In addition, he told Reuters that there was no circus with wild animals on the road in eastern Germany, "and they wouldn't escape either [if there was]".

Residents have been advised to stay indoors and keep their pets with them. Police have also told people to avoid the forest and seek shelter immediately if they see the lioness.

Mr Grubert said authorities were focusing their search on a large area next to a wood where people walk their dogs. Authorities believe the lioness may be sleeping there.

He added that there was "no panic, no hysteria... but we do urge people not to go running or cycling in the woods".

"Our hunters... are also equipped with ammunition," he said. "The first objective is to capture. Other measures will only be taken by police officers if their lives or the lives of others are endangered."

Helicopters have been deployed to find the elusive animal as well as drones and heat-seeking cameras, Mr Grubert said.

Veterinarians and hunters with tranquiliser guns are also involved in the search, while local media reported that police were using an armoured vehicle normally deployed in anti-terrorism operations.

Florian Eiserlo of the Four Paws animal welfare organisation told the Rheinische Post newspaper that if anyone runs into the animal, they should not panic.

"Stand still, stay calm, try to head to a safe area such as a car or a building," they said.

Berlin's local press is also full of tips on what to do if one does run into a lioness - which includes not running or panicking, and slowly backing away from it.

Vanessa Amoroso, head of the wild animals in trade unit at Four Paws, said if the animal was a lioness, it is likely to have been kept as a pet.

She said inconsistent laws across Europe made the trade of big cats much easier, as they are allowed as pets in many countries.

Ms Amoroso called on the German government to regulate those trading and keeping exotic animals.

"Germany's position as one of the world's largest markets for wild animals as pets demands effective measures to counteract the ease with which potential buyers can acquire animals through online platforms and exchanges," she added.

Four Americans kidnapped by heavily armed men in Matamoros, Mexico, had travelled there for cosmetic surgery, relatives told US media.

One of them was to have a tummy tuck - removing abdominal fat - in a border town, said the sister of one of them.

"To see a member of your family thrown in the back of a truck and dragged, it is just unbelievable," Zalandria Brown, told AP about her brother Zindell.

A Mexican woman was killed in the incident.

The FBI has offered a $50,000 (£42,000) reward for the return of the Americans.

The other people in the group have been identified in US media as Latavia McGee - a mother of six, according to CNN - Shaeed Woodard and Eric James Williams.

They were driving through Matamoros - a city of 500,000 located directly across the border from the Texas town of Brownsville - in a white minivan with North Carolina licence plates when unidentified gunmen opened fire, the FBI said.

Video shows them being put in a pickup truck by heavily armed men. One is manhandled onto the vehicle while others appear to be unconscious and are dragged to the truck.

Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador described the incident as a "confrontation between armed groups". He said his "entire government" was working to secure the Americans' release.

According to an unnamed US official quoted by CNN, investigators believe a Mexican cartel probably mistook the Americans for Haitian drug smugglers.

Barbara Burgess, Ms McGee's mother, told ABC news that she had warned her daughter not to go but her daughter told her: "Ma, I'll be OK."

On Friday her daughter called her to say she was about to go to the appointment for the tummy tuck operation, also known as an abdominoplasty.

When Barbara Burgess called her back later that day, the phone went to voicemail.

Ms Brown said her brother, who lives in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, had been aware that parts of Mexico could be dangerous.

"Zindell kept saying, 'We shouldn't go down'," she told AP, adding that it was "like a bad dream you wish you could wake up from".

Matamoros is in Tamaulipas state, one of six Mexican states that the US State Department advises travellers not to visit because of "crime and kidnapping".

Drug cartels control much of the territory and often hold more power than local law enforcement.

The US government says hundreds of thousands of Americans cross the border into Mexico each year to receive healthcare services in search of cheaper treatments.

Mexico is one of the top medical tourism destinations around the world, while cosmetic surgery is one of the top procedures patients seek abroad, according to Patients Beyond Borders, a medical tourism guidebook.

The Scottish SPCA said the animals are not used to human interaction and can become highly distressed

An animal charity has warned the public not to take home wild fawns as it is a "death sentence" for the creatures.

It comes after a number of the animals were taken home by members of the public, who believed they had been abandoned.

The Scottish SPCA said one of the people refused to reveal their location and said they knew how to care for the animal after reading online advice.

Fawns are often left hidden by their mothers while they forage for food.

The charity said the anonymous caller kept the fawn outside with their family dog, which would have added to its distress.

Last month a fawn arrived at the charity's rescue centre in Alloa with aspiration pneumonia after a member of the public took it home for a few days after its mother was killed on a road.

The condition is caused when milk enters the fawn's lungs after being fed unsuitable food and milk.

The animal died, despite the best efforts of staff to save it.

April Dodds from the Scottish SPCA said it was "incredibly upsetting" for staff to watch the animals die needlessly.

She said: "Fawns are possibly the most complex and challenging animal we deal with at the National Wildlife Rescue Centre.

"In many cases removing that young animal from the wild is effectively a death sentence.

"These are wild animals, not domesticated pets who are used to human interaction, so trying to pet or comfort them only causes more stress."

The charity said fawns which are walking about and calling out may need help.

It said the fawn should be monitored from a distance for a few hours to allow the mother to return.

If no mother returns to feed the fawn, then the public should call the charity's animal helpline on 03000 999 999.
• None Why are large numbers of red deer being killed?

UK schools have been left confused by the fast rate of change in artificial intelligence (AI) and its impact on education, head teachers are warning.

In a letter to the Times, educators from the state and private sector say developments are "bewildering".

They are launching a body of experts to advise schools on which areas are "beneficial, and which are damaging".

The technology is moving "far too quickly" for government alone to give adequate advice to schools, they say.

AI is the "greatest threat but also potentially the greatest benefit to our students, staff and schools", the teachers, led by Sir Anthony Seldon, the headteacher of Epsom College, say in the letter.

The group has also questioned the role of digital companies behind AI.

"We have no confidence that the large digital companies will be capable of regulating themselves in the interests of students, staff and schools" their letter reads.

Concerns have quickly grown in recent months over AI with the prominence of the ChatGPT bot which has passed exams.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak recently said that regulation had to evolve at the same time rapid changes are made in AI. He said "guardrails" should be put in place to maximise the benefits of AI while minimising the risks to society.

The group of educators said it was pleased the government was "grasping the nettle" on the issue but felt the need to set up its own body composed of leading teachers "guided by a panel of independent digital and AI experts".

A spokeswoman for the Department of Education told the Times the education secretary "has been clear about the government's appetite to pursue the opportunities - and manage the risks - that exists in this space, and we have already published information to help schools do this.

"We continue to work with experts, including in education, to share and identify best practice."

Hanks says he has "pulled every single one" of the moments of bad behaviour he describes in his novel

Tom Hanks says he has written his first novel as a "release from the never-ending pressure" of making movies.

The two-time Oscar winner is publishing The Making of Another Major Motion Picture Masterpiece, inspired by his own screen career.

The long grind of shooting a film, he tells the BBC, means you can "just run out of curiosity for the job".

"Sometimes you just have to have some other reason to spark your imagination," he explains.

Hanks, 66, says he has "always" written "in some form or another". His collection of short stories, Uncommon Type, was published in 2017 and has sold more than 234,000 copies in the UK.

He began writing the 448-page novel the following year. "I wrote in between films, I wrote wherever I was, I wrote on planes, I wrote at home, I wrote on vacation, I wrote in hotel rooms, I wrote on long weekends when I wasn't working," he says.

"It's not fair," he concedes, that his debut novel has been published without going through the usual trial of rejections from publishers, while other first-time writers struggle.

But he is unapologetic and knows the book will ultimately "live and die based on its own ability to entertain and enlighten an audience".

Critics' verdicts of The Making of Another Major Motion Picture Masterpiece have been lukewarm.

In The Sunday Times, David Sexton described the book as "Hanks mansplains movie-making", and said the "writing is clunky throughout".

The Observer's Tim Adams said it "captures the humdrum of Hollywood but lacks his on-screen ability to breathe life into characters".

Hanks played Elvis Presley's manager Col Tom Parker in a biopic of the singer

Hanks is unfazed by reviews. He says his "day job as a movie star" means he can "handle" any criticism.

The actor says he has become "stronger when it comes down to really being torn apart".

His novel is about the making of a multi-million dollar superhero action movie, and features a cast of characters including an eccentric director and a self-important and highly obstructive male actor who disrupts and delays filming.

So it's a surprising admission when the affable voice of Woody in Toy Story confesses: "I have pulled every single one of those moments of behaviour myself on a set.

"Not everybody is at their best every single day on a motion picture set," he continues.

"I've had tough days trying to be a professional when my life has been falling apart in more ways than one and the requirement for me that day is to be funny, charming and loving - and it's the last way I feel."

Hanks prides himself on always being on time, though. "What cannot occur on a motion picture is that someone cannot monkey around with the timing or the length of the shoot or the budget. That is a cardinal sin in the motion picture business.

"You will be amazed," he adds, "at how many people know that they can get away with it, and are told they can get away with it, because they are carrying the movie on their shoulders."

Indeed, in the book he refers to actors who are "cry-babies, psychological train wrecks, on-the-wagon alcoholics, off-the-wagon addicts... and more than a couple of feuds between the Talent."

There's mention of sexual harassment too.

Who could he have been inspired by? Needless to say, Hanks just laughs when asked to name names.

With such bad behaviour in his novel, the actor-writer also believes it is unnecessary to airbrush classic books for modern audiences.

Novels by Ian Fleming and Agatha Christie have been updated, and Hanks's own publisher Penguin Random House has altered the work of Roald Dahl and PG Wodehouse as part of an effort to remove potentially offensive language.

"I'm of the opinion that we're all grown-ups here. Let's have faith in our own sensibilities as opposed to having somebody decide what we may or may not be offended by," insists Hanks.

"Let me decide what I am offended by and what I'm not offended by. I would be against reading any book from any era that says 'abridged due to modern sensitivities'."

Fleming's secret agent James Bond gets a mention, and Hanks is unequivocal that Idris Elba should be the next 007.

"Understand this," he says. "James Bond has a licence to kill. I would issue that licence to Idris Elba just based on the work that I've seen him do."

Tom Hanks cheered on Aston Villa when they played Arsenal in February

Aston Villa, the English Premier League football team Hanks supports, also appear in the novel. But he has no plans to buy the club, after the Hollywood actors Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney purchased Wrexham in 2020.

"I think Wrexham is a little bit different in the economic scale than Aston Villa," he laughs. "That's a little above my pay grade."

He hasn't seen fellow Villa supporter the Prince of Wales at a game, although he has experienced "the Prince William treatment, which is - don't get stuck in traffic, no matter what the score is.

"When it was time to leave, there was no nonsense getting out."

So what next? Another novel would be "nice", but not for a few years due to a busy filming schedule.

But the desire to write is always there, he says.

"It's just the best way to spend ones time outside of being with those that you love and make you laugh."

A "remarkable" Roman villa has been unearthed on a housing development.

Archaeologists from the Red River Archaeology Group came across the complex while working on a Barratt and David Wilson Homes housing development at Brookside Meadows in Grove near Wantage, Oxfordshire.

The site sits on a landscape inhabited since the Bronze Age which has been described as "artefact-rich".

Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk or via WhatsApp on 0808 100 2240.

Josh Freese will join the band on their new tour, which starts on Wednesday

US rock band the Foo Fighters have unveiled their new drummer following the death of Taylor Hawkins last year.

In a live stream on Sunday, the band announced that Josh Freese, a longtime friend of singer Dave Grohl, will join them on their forthcoming world tour.

Freese has played for a variety of top acts around the world including Devo, Guns N' Roses, Sting and The Vandals.

The band previously said they would continue performing after Hawkins died in March 2022 at the age of 50.

Freese's first show with Foo Fighters will take place in New Hampshire on Wednesday, the opening leg of a global tour that will run until the autumn.

It will be the first time the band have performed live since their two memorial concerts for Hawkins last September.

Freese himself performed with Foo Fighters at those concerts, playing on Hawkins' drums.

"I was asked what drums I'd like to use," he wrote on Instagram at the time. "Without hesitation I said, 'Taylor's drums need to be up there and I want to play on his exact set-up.'"

Taylor Hawkins played with Foo Fighters for nearly two decades

Other musicians including Sir Paul McCartney, Queen and Mark Ronson also paid tribute to the late drummer at the concerts.

At the end of 2022, the band said: "Without Taylor, we never would have become the band that we were. And without Taylor, we know that we're going to be a different band going forward."

No cause of death for Hawkins has been announced. A toxicology report showed traces of 10 substances in his body, including opioids, marijuana and antidepressants.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'This is who I'm meant to be'

"They come every year, they meet their friends and family - maybe they haven't seen some people since this time last year."

As the Balmoral Show 2023 opens its gates, organiser Rhonda Geary is a firm believer that it is about a lot more than farming and food.

"We've more than 600 trade stands for people to enjoy, a fantastic horticultural area," she says.

"There is something for everybody here.

"Last year we'd more than 120,000. We hope to hit that again and perhaps exceed it."

The show is a highlight of the agricultural calendar and the potential prize-winning animals will have been prepped and pampered for months in hopes of achieving a rosette.

"Our livestock entries have exceeded our expectations and we're delighted to have so many here," says Rhonda.

Rhonda Geary hopes the number of people at the show will be even more than in 2022

This is the 154th Balmoral Show and the third since it was cancelled in spring 2020 and 2021 because of the Covid-19 pandemic. A smaller event was held in September 2021.

There are more than 3,000 livestock entries across all classes and a new Makers' Market for crafters and artisan traders.

Among the seasoned farmers displaying their animals at the show, the farmers of the future are also making their presence known.

Nine-year-old Georgia from Keady in County Armagh has been to the showring to display a bull almost as tall as she is.

Along with her mother, father, brother and six-week-old baby sister, she is competing at Balmoral with the family bull, a Dexter named Arcadius.

"It's a funny feeling but it feels wonderful," said Georgia.

There are more than 3,000 livestock entries across the show

To get animals ready for the show does not come cheap.

David Connolly has spent almost £30,000 on his blond Charolais bull called Balmyle Sandy in the hope of bringing the animal's desirable traits into his herd.

"He's doing a daily live weight gain, as we talk about, of 1.7kg (3.75lb) per day," David told BBC News NI.

"So for the bodybuilders out there, if they could put on a kilo and seven every week they'd be happy."

One category missing from the show again this year is poultry because of bird flu restrictions.

A housing order that was in place was lifted too late for arrangements to be made for the classes to be included.

There will be just one flock from a single breeder on display.

"It's disappointing for the exhibitors but unfortunately the restrictions on the housing were still in place when our entries opened for this year's Balmoral Show," says Rhonda.

"But we have a fantastic display of poultry - we've more than 100 birds in our poultry marquee.

"And we've our egg classes and our rabbits and cavies [guinea pigs] all over in that area so still a really busy area and a lovely display."

Robert McKibbin is the only poultry farmer displaying at the show

Poultry breeder Robert McKibbin is providing birds for the display and he is looking forward to getting back to some form of showing.

"There's a social end to the whole thing, there's a lot of friends that we have met over the years and we don't actually see them from show to show," he says.

"You always had a bit of craic with them and now you don't see them at all or very rarely.

"When you're breeding lovely birds and you think: 'This bird could do very well in a show' but then there is no show, then that bird passes its best and you have to start all over again for the next year and hope for the best.

"You have to live in hope."

The show is taking place against a backdrop of increasing bovine tuberculosis (bTB) numbers.

Rates are at their highest in more than 20 years.

Show organisers are hoping to attract more than 120,000 visitors

Former Ulster Farmers' Union president Victor Chestnutt said it had become the scourge of every livestock farmer in Northern Ireland.

Six years ago he lost his prize Belgian Blue cattle to the disease.

"We lost the best genetics in one fell swoop," he said.

Clougher Wilma and her sister Clougher Wendy went to slaughter, along with another cow.

Victor's main breeds on his north coast farm now are Charolais and Aberdeen Angus.

A Bovine TB strategy was announced in March 2022, including what then-minister Agriculture Minister Edwin Poots called a "limited" cull of badgers as a wildlife source of the disease.

A legal challenge to the plan has been launched.

The Balmoral Show runs from Wednesday 10 May until Saturday 13 May at the Eikon Centre near Lisburn.

Last updated on .From the section Women's World Cup

England midfielder Keira Walsh was taken off the pitch on a stretcher in the 38th minute during the World Cup match against Denmark in Sydney.

The Barcelona player, 26, appeared to hurt her knee and looked in distress before signalling to the bench that she could not carry on.

She was comforted by team-mates and appeared to mouth: "I've done my knee."

Manager Sarina Wiegman said afterwards: "Of course I'm concerned because she couldn't walk off the pitch."

She added: "But we don't know yet so we can't make any assumptions. Let's wait until we have a diagnosis then I can tell you."
• None James stars as England close in on last 16 with win

Walsh left the pitch when the Lionesses were leading 1-0 against Denmark in their second Group D match and they went on to win by that scoreline.

Asked if Walsh will have a scan, Wiegman said: "Probably. But I haven't heard anything yet. During the game you have to move on and now it is time to look at how she is and the next steps."

Lauren James, who scored the only goal in the match, added: "Obviously it's disappointing to see one of our most valuable players get hurt but we had to just focus on getting the win and focus on what team that was playing at the time."

England, who will play China in their final group game on Tuesday in Adelaide, are already without captain Leah Williamson and forward Beth Mead with anterior cruciate ligament injuries, while attacking midfielder Fran Kirby is also sidelined with a knee problem.

Walsh, who moved to Barcelona last summer for a women's world record transfer fee, played a crucial role in England's Euro 2022 title win.

Former England striker Ellen White, speaking on BBC One, said: "I'm just devastated for Keira Walsh. She has been one of the best, if not the best player, in this England side.

"It looks bad. You saw as soon as it happened she knew that it didn't look good.

"She is a big miss - who is going to fill that void now for England?"

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Samsu Miah says he is "incredibly proud" of his son Mohammed Alamgir Ahmed for winning his award

A lifelong royal fan who moved to Wales from Bangladesh more than 50 years ago says he is "incredibly proud" of his son for receiving a royal award.

Mohammed Alamgir Ahmed, 42, from Cardiff, has received a Coronation Champions Award for volunteer work.

His father Samsu Miah, 67, will attend a garden party with him in Buckingham Palace on Tuesday.

"I'm very, very happy and excited. I never thought I would see the King in my life," Samsu said.

Samsu grew up in a small fishing village in Bangladesh, but moved to Cardiff in 1969 - just in time to travel to Caernarfon, Gwynedd, for the investiture of Prince Charles as the Prince of Wales the same year.

He said: "I saw the Queen and Prince of Wales, they said 'hello how are you?', so I'm proud, you know, that I've seen both of them in my life."

Samsu has been a huge fan of the UK royal family all his life

Samsu's son, Mohammed, said he remembers growing up in the family home with pictures of the royal family next to pictures of himself and his siblings on the wall.

Mohammed, who runs a technology recruitment company, is one of 500 people - 29 in Wales - to receive the Coronation Champions award.

He was nominated for his community work, including volunteering with children and young people, at the Dar-Ul-Isra Mosque in Cathays, Cardiff.

Samsu, pictured with his family on Roath Park Lake, Cardiff, has followed the royals closely

He said: "It's an honour really, I feel proud and humbled by it. It's also a big step because people from the black and ethnic minority community are not represented as much at these sorts of things.

"Myself at the garden party, with my dad as a guest, it's going to be great, whether we meet the King or not it's going to be great."

Mohammed is not Samsu's only son to have a royal connection.

Dr Abdul-Azim Ahmed, the general secretary of the Muslim Council of Wales, was one of a handful of people to greet the King in Llandaff when he arrived in Wales to mark the death of Queen Elizabeth II.

"I'm very proud, one son going to see the King in a garden party and another going to receive them, so I'm very proud and happy and I think it is a very amazing thing," Samsu said.

Wholesale UK gas prices have fallen to below 70p a unit

Energy prices in Northern Ireland may rise again before falling back later this year, the Consumer Council has warned.

The Utility Regulator may make pricing decisions on two major suppliers as soon as next week.

Underlying wholesale energy prices of gas and electricity have been falling.

However, that will be offset by the withdrawal of the government's energy price guarantee (EPG).

The EPG required suppliers to apply a discount to the price of each unit of gas or electricity to protect consumers from soaring prices after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

It will expire at the end of June which means that from July consumers will be exposed to market prices.

Peter McClenaghan, director of infrastructure and sustainability at the NI Consumer Council, said that when the regulator approves new tariffs bills "may not change much or even go up slightly".

Earlier this week, households in the rest of the UK were told they will see a significant fall in their energy bills from July after the regulator reduced the price cap, which limits how much suppliers can charge households for each unit of energy they use.

Northern Ireland is a separate market with its own regulator and throughout the energy crisis prices have tended to be lower than in the Great Britain market.

"We might see for a short period - a few months - prices that are slightly higher than England," Mr McClenaghan said.

"That's unfortunate, but on the whole the Northern Ireland regulatory system has actually been working quite well for consumers."

Wholesale UK gas prices reached almost £7 a unit (known as a therm) last summer but in recent weeks have fallen back to below 70p a unit.
• None What does the Budget mean for Northern Ireland?

Sir Keir Starmer has said he will include himself in plans to scrap a pensions tax break for high earners if he wins power.

The Labour leader has pledged to reverse government plans to end the £1m cap on lifetime pensions savings.

He was accused of hypocrisy by the Conservatives when it emerged he was set to benefit from a similar scheme himself.

He said he had not taken advantage of the perk and did not want to.

He told a press conference: "I'm absolutely committed to changing what the government did last week, which was to give a tax cut to the wealthiest 1%."

He added: "I don't intend that to exclude me."

As first reported by The Telegraph, Sir Keir was granted a special "tax unregistered" pension scheme when he stood down as down as Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) in 2013.

Sir Keir said it was "a government pension scheme put in place for DPPs", which was why it needed an act of parliament to bring it into effect.

The Pensions Increase (Pension Scheme for Keir Starmer QC) Regulations 2013 means the lifetime allowance does not apply to Sir Keir's contributions from his time as DPP between 2008 and 2013.

The legislation means Sir Keir would be exempt from paying additional tax on pensions savings over £1m.

Sir Keir said he had not taken advantage of the tax break, adding: "Nor do I want to."

Under plans announced last week by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt, the £1.07m limit on how much individuals can put into their pension pot before having to pay extra tax will be scrapped.

The annual tax-free allowance on pensions will also increase from £40,000 to £60,000.

Labour voted against the changes, prompting accusations of hypocrisy from Conservative MPs, including former work and pensions secretary Sir Iain Duncan Smith.

Labour says the tax break should only be available to NHS doctors, to encourage them to keep working and not take early retirement.

Hitting back at accusations of hypocrisy, Sir Keir said: "When we reverse that change the government put in place last week I will be included within that.

"Whatever changes is needed within legislation or anything else, I am very happy want to be and will be in the same position as everybody else in this country."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least 108 police officers have been injured in clashes across France with protesters angry at pension reforms, the interior minister has said.

Gérald Darmanin said such a large number of police wounded was extremely rare, adding that 291 people had been arrested during the unrest.

Hundreds of thousands have been taking part in May Day demonstrations against President Emmanuel Macron's reforms.

Most were peaceful but radical groups threw petrol bombs and fireworks.

It is not clear how many protesters have been injured.

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne tweeted that the violence was "unacceptable", while also praising the "responsible mobilisation and commitment" of demonstrators in numerous cities.

This is the latest day of mass action against changes that raise the state pension age from 62 to 64. Trade unions want them withdrawn.

The Interior Ministry put the overall number of demonstrators at 782,000, including 112,000 in the capital Paris, but the CGT union say the figure is three times that number.

Union leaders were adamant that months-long opposition to the reforms was not waning.

"The page is not going to be turned as long as there is no withdrawal of this pension reform. The determination to win is intact," said CGT leader Sophie Binet, quoted by AFP.

In Paris, one police officer suffered serious burns to his hands and face when struck by a petrol bomb, Mr Darmanin said.

Violence also broke out in Lyons, Toulouse and Nantes, where vehicles were set on fire and businesses attacked.

Most of the protests were peaceful but police clashed with radical groups throwing projectiles and firebombs

There were also reports that protesters briefly occupied a luxury hotel in the southern city of Marseille. Monday was the first time since 2009 that France's top eight trade unions had backed calls for a protest, AFP news agency said.

Mr Darmanin accused far-left groups known as black blocs and numbering a few thousand of being behind the violence and urged that "those who attacked the police and public property be severely punished".

There has been a violent element to the protests ever since March, when the government decided to force the legislation through the lower house of parliament - where it lacks an absolute majority - without a vote.

Mr Macron says the reform is a necessity.

He signed the reform into law on 15 April, hours after France's Constitutional Council broadly backed the changes, but opinion polls show a large majority of the population opposes the higher pension age.

The reforms are expected to come into force by September.

The government has promised further talks but the unions are determined to get the changes repealed, and it is not clear where a compromise could be found.

Historian James Holland said RAF Scampton was one of the richest places for aviation history in the country

A group of world-renowned historians have written to the government opposing plans to house asylum seekers at a historic air base.

Earlier this month, West Lindsey District Council confirmed RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire was being considered as an asylum centre by the Home Office.

The airfield was the HQ of the famous World War Two Dambusters 617 squadron.

But historian James Holland said there were other less historically important sites to house migrants.

The World War Two expert said Home Secretary Suella Braverman would have the letter, signed by "a raft of historians and broadcasters", by Monday.

A letter signed by 40 historians has urged the Home Secretary to rethink any plans to house asylum seekers at the former RAF Scampton

The station was home to the Royal Air Force Aerobatic Team - the Red Arrows - and was where 617 Squadron, the Dambusters squadron, was officially formed on 23 March 1943.

The Dambusters squadron took part in raids over Germany in World War Two and breached Germany's Mohne and Eder dams.

Mr Holland said the open letter's 40 signatories included Sir Antony Beevor, Dan Snow, Sir Max Hastings and Professor David Edgerton.

He said there were "so many places around the country where asylum seekers could be housed with the kind of sensitivity and care that they absolutely need".

"But it just doesn't have to be on one of the richest places in terms of history and heritage in the country for aviation," he added.

The Red Arrows were a familiar sight in the skies around RAF Scampton for more than 20 years

The letter describes RAF Scampton as "a hub of innovation from Barnes Wallis' bouncing bombs to the low-level precision by the Dambusters".

It said the "dramatic change of use to an asylum centre" could threaten the "rich heritage" of the site.

It added the base could once again become an innovation centre for future generations of engineers if "action was taken to quickly" implement a proposed regeneration scheme for the site.

News the site could be used to house migrants emerged on 8 March when Conservative MP Sir Edward Leigh said he had been told civil servants were working on plans.

A Home Office spokesperson said: "We have always been upfront about the unprecedented pressure being put on our asylum system, brought about by a significant increase in dangerous and illegal journeys into the country.

"We continue to work across government and with local authorities to look at a range of accommodation options and sites but the best way to relieve these pressures is to stop the boats in the first place."

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Three candidates - Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes, are standing in the contest to succeed Nicola Sturgeon as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister.

The winner will be decided by a vote of SNP members, with the result to be announced on 27 March.

Here is where the contenders stand on some of the key issues facing the country:

All three candidates have said they believe Scotland will become independent within the next five years.

Ash Regan has pitched herself as the candidate who is best placed to unite and reinvigorate the independence movement, and has accused her two opponents of being "wishy for washy" on the issue.

She wants to create a cross-party Independence Convention, and has said a majority of people voting for parties who back independence in any election would be enough to trigger negotiations with Westminster on Scotland leaving the UK through her "voter empowerment mechanism"

Kate Forbes has taken a more cautious approach, saying that she wants to build support for independence to a point where it is well beyond 50% by winning over people who are currently opposed to the idea.

Ms Forbes has said she would do this by using the existing powers of the Scottish Parliament to show that Scotland can flourish, and through "gentle persuasion, making the economic case and earning people's trust".

Humza Yousaf has also spoken of the importance of building support for independence by talking about policies rather than process, but has said he could consider a snap Holyrood election as part of a strategy to secure independence.

He said: "We have got to inspire people with a vision for independence. We have to make sure that we're not obsessing about Section 30s and de facto referendums because people just don't get inspired by that."

Mr Yousaf is the only candidate to have said he would challenge the UK government's block on the gender recognition reforms in the courts and to have backed the proposals in the final vote last December.

The health secretary has warned the SNP against a "lurch to the right" on social issues, which he said could see it "lose vast swathes of support" and make it "very possible we will not be electable".

But he has faced accusations - which he strongly denies - that he "ducked" the vote that legalised gay marriage in 2014 because of religious pressure from a Glasgow mosque.

Ash Regan quit as the Scottish government's community safety minister over the gender reforms, saying that her conscience would not allow her to support the self-identification plans.

She is a long-standing critic of the proposals and has said she would "never vote for anything that would put women and girls in danger".

Ms Regan has also made clear she would not challenge the UK government block in the courts as "I don't believe we would win".

Kate Forbes did not take part in the final vote on the gender reforms as she was on maternity leave, but was one of the SNP politicians who had previously signed an open letter to Nicola Sturgeon highlighting concerns over the legislation.

She has said she would not have supported the reforms if she had been in parliament, and it seems unlikely that she would launch a legal challenge to the UK government's veto.

Ms Forbes, who is a member of the Free Church of Scotland, has faced fierce criticism from senior SNP figures including Deputy First Minister John Swinney over her opposition to gay marriage and her socially conservative views on issues such as abortion and having children outside marriage.

Kate Forbes has said she would not raise income tax for higher earners and would instead focus on growing the economy and expanding the tax base by cutting red tape for businesses - including a pause on the deposit return scheme - and improving transport infrastructure.

The finance secretary was on maternity leave when the Scottish government raised income tax rates for higher earners, and has said she wants Scotland to be a high growth economy "so that high tax is no longer required".

She has argued that the only way of cutting poverty is "make the Scottish economy more prosperous because that creates more, better jobs and raises more funding to reinvest in front line services".

Humza Yousaf has outlined a plan to fast-track the expansion of childcare to one and two-year-olds, which he believes would be a game changer for working families and the wider economy. The UK government has unveiled a similar plan for England.

He backed the recent income tax rises, and argues that the "failed economic consensus of both Westminster parties has given Scotland the worst of both worlds - low growth and low productivity, combined with unacceptably high poverty and inequality".

He has said he wants Scotland to "chart a different course" and to create a "wellbeing economy" that "puts the equality, happiness and health of all Scotland's citizens at its heart" and which would see trade unions and workers have a greater input into economic policy and has said that small businesses could be excluded from the deposit return scheme for the first year.

Ash Regan wants a pause to the deposit return scheme, which aims to improve recycling rates for single-use drinks containers but has been at the centre of controversy over its impact on smaller firms such as craft breweries.

She has said the scheme was an example of the Scottish government failing to listen to what people were saying, and that some businesses "just don't know how they are going to make this work".

Ms Regan has also said that many of the issues facing the Scottish economy, including child poverty rates, cannot be fixed under devolution and that the country needs the full economic levers of independence.

Humza Yousaf - who is currently the country's health secretary - has said he would be open to changing controversial plans to create a national care service if he becomes first minister by working with critics of the scheme in an attempt to find compromise.

His supporters say that Mr Yousaf has the experience of guiding the NHS through the aftermath of the Covid pandemic, and has managed to avoid the strikes by health workers that have hit other parts of the UK.

He apologised for soaring NHS waiting times during the recent BBC Scotland TV debate, telling an audience member whose husband was facing a wait of between three and six years for knee surgery that "not just myself as health secretary, but the entire government is focused on reducing those waiting lists".

Ash Regan has said that improving the health service would be her main objective if she becomes the country's next first minister.

She wants to hold a summit of frontline health workers to identify and then tackle the issues facing NHS staff.

Ms Regan said: "There has been too much focus on targets and goals - the nurses and midwives I've met during this leadership election are telling me they are exhausted, the NHS has been running on goodwill for too long, it is time for change".

Kate Forbes has said she wants to rethink the national care service plans because the scheme must have the confidence of everyone who delivers and uses it if it is to be successful.

She has also proposed setting up an inquiry to look at giving the NHS a radical overhaul, but has stressed that it must remain free at the point of need.

Ms Forbes said: "We shouldn't be shy of discussing the need for reform in order to ensure that our NHS is prepared, and not just for the next year, but it's still providing treatment free at the point of need in the next few decades."

Kate Forbes has said she wants to simplify the education system and "empower" teachers and other frontline staff by reducing the burden on them, giving them greater freedom over staffing and resources and allowing them to get on with the job of teaching children.

She said: "What I want to see is an education system that teachers our children and that ensures that when they leave school they are ready for further education or they are ready for the workplace".

Ms Forbes has also highlighted the importance of cutting poverty levels, saying that some children in Scotland are arriving at school "too hungry to learn".

Ash Regan believes many teachers are having to spend too much time dealing with bureaucracy and "filling in forms" rather than teaching, and wants to free them up from that.

She has also said that some schools are expecting teachers to also effectively be psychologists and social workers.

Ms Regan has said that some schools could therefore have an in-house social worker "which could take that away from the teachers and free them up just to teach, which is obviously what they do best".

Humza Yousaf has said he wants to reduce inequality and for "every single child in Scotland to have the same opportunities both my girls have".

He has admitted that the Scottish government has "much further to go" in closing the attainment gap between the wealthiest and most deprived pupils.

Mr Yousaf wants to expand the provision of free school meals, breakfast clubs and after-school clubs, with a particular focus on those areas with the highest deprivation, and to improve the early diagnosis of autism and learning difficulties.

Police release bodycam footage from a school shooting in Nashville that left six people dead, including three children. It shows officers confronting and shooting the attacker in the Covenant School, a private Christian school for students aged three to 11.

Rishi Sunak has said he made cooperation on combating illegal migration a priority at a meeting of European leaders in Moldova.

The prime minister said he was "putting tackling illegal migration top of the international agenda", and the UK was "taking the lead".

The main focus of the European Political Community (EPC) summit was the Ukraine war.

But Mr Sunak was keen to show progress on one of his five domestic promises.

Before he arrived for the talks at a castle near the Moldovan capital, Chisinau, he warned that Europe was "facing unprecedented threats at our border".

The UK is beginning talks with Moldova, which has a population of 2.6 million, on an agreement to return migrants who arrive in the UK illegally.

However, only three Moldovan nationals arrived in the UK on a small boat last year, according to Home Office statistics.

A similar deal struck with Georgia has now come into force.

Around 300 Georgians arrived in the UK on small boats in 2022, and 31 in the first three months of this year.

The EPC - championed by French President Emmanuel Macron - was formed in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.

It includes 47 European nations - including European Union (EU) member states, the UK, Turkey, Norway and Balkans countries outside the EU.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was also at the summit, which was held less than 15 miles from his country's border.

President Zelenksy, who called for Nato to give a clear commitment that Ukraine could join the Western defensive alliance, had talks with Mr Sunak.

Speaking at the summit, the prime minister agreed that Ukraine's "rightful place" was in Nato, but gave no detail on a path to membership.

He said the UK was working with its allies to ensure Ukraine had the "combat air capability needed to repel ongoing Russian aggression".

The first EPC meeting, in Prague last October, was attended by then-prime minister Liz Truss. The UK is due to host a summit next year.

Tweeting from Moldova, Mr Sunak said: "We've already made migration agreements with Albania, France and the EU to stop the boats.

"This global issue requires collaboration and the UK is taking the lead."

The Times has reported that the UK is keen to increase cooperation with Turkey and Bulgaria as part of efforts to tackle small boats crossing the English Channel.

Earlier, Mr Sunak said: "Europe is facing unprecedented threats at our borders. From Putin's utter contempt of other countries' sovereignty to the rise in organised immigration crime across our continent.

"In every meeting, every summit, every international gathering like this, the security of our borders must be top of the agenda.

"The UK will be at the heart of this international effort to stop the boats and defend our national security."

Moldova, which is wedged between the EU and Ukraine, is a former Soviet state, and while its government looks West, pro-Russian separatists control its Transnistria region.

It has accepted thousands of Ukrainian refugees, and the EPC has promised it more support.

In March, Foreign Secretary James Cleverly announced £10m funding for Moldova's energy sector, as well as economic and governance reforms.

Mr Macron has said the new club of nations offers "a platform for political coordination" for countries inside and outside the EU.

But the EPC has no institutions or dedicated staff. That has provoked questions about how any decisions would be implemented.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Prof Dame Sally Davies tells the Covid inquiry that "it wasn't just the deaths, it was the way they died".

England's former chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies was close to tears at the Covid Inquiry as she apologised to families bereaved by the pandemic.

"It wasn't just the deaths, it was the way they died... it was harrowing and it remains horrible," she said.

She also said the UK did not have enough resilience to cope with the pandemic, with fewer doctors, nurses or hospital beds than similar countries.

The inquiry is currently examining the UK's preparedness ahead of Covid.

In her evidence, Dame Sally also expressed concern about the impact of the lockdowns on children and students.

"We have damaged a generation, and it is awful... watching these people struggle," she said.

The former chief medical officer told the inquiry the UK did not have plans in place to cope with a Covid pandemic, but she added "it didn't have resilience either".

Compared with similar countries, the UK was at the bottom of the table for numbers of doctors, nurses, beds, IT units and ventilators per 100,000, she said.

During questions about preparation exercises for pandemics, Dame Sally broke off to say: "Maybe this is the moment to say how sorry I am to the relatives who lost their families."

"I heard a lot about it from my daughter who was on the front line as a doctor in Scotland," she added.

Dame Sally Davies became chief medical officer in 2010 and left in 2019 to be replaced by Sir Chris Whitty. He is due to give evidence on Thursday along with Sir Patrick Vallance, who was the government's chief scientific adviser during the pandemic.

At the same hearing, George Osborne said his spending cuts meant the UK was better able to cope with the pandemic.

The former chancellor argued that without austerity Britain would have been "more exposed" and rejected claims his approach left the health and social care "depleted" ahead of the Covid pandemic.

Last week Sir Michael Marmot, a professor of epidemiology at University College London told the inquiry that the UK had entered the pandemic with "depleted" public services.

Asked by inquiry lawyer Kate Blackwell KC if he agreed with the statement, Mr Osborne said: "Most certainly not, I completely reject that."

He accepted more money could have been spent on the NHS, but said as chancellor he had to balance demands for resources from other public services.

"You can't just say we like public spending to be higher without explaining where you get money from," he told the inquiry.

He said the public had elected the Conservatives to government in 2010 and 2015 knowing the party was planning to cut public spending.

During the period, cuts were introduced in welfare spending, school building programs, local government, police, courts and prisons. There was also an overall squeeze on health spending.

George Osborne was quizzed on the impact of spending cuts

Mr Osborne - who was chancellor from 2010 to 2016 - said: "If we had not done that Britain would have been more exposed, not just to future things like the coronavirus pandemic, but indeed to the fiscal crisis which very rapidly followed in countries across Europe.

"If we had not had a clear plan to put the public finances on a sustainable path then Britain might have experienced a fiscal crisis, we would not have had the fiscal space to deal with the coronavirus pandemic when it hit."

The British Medical Association said Mr Osborne's "denial" of a connection between austerity and the impact of the pandemic on the most vulnerable was "staggering".

On Monday, the Trades Union Congress (TUC) produced a report which said austerity had led to unsafe staffing in public services leaving the UK "hugely unprepared" for Covid.

During the one hour 20 minute question session, Mr Osborne was also asked about the Treasury's planning for potential national lockdown.

He said the department had plans for an outbreak of influenza but added "given what subsequently happened that was very small scale".

"There was no planning done by Treasury - or any western Treasury - for asking the entire population to stay at home for months and months on end.

"If someone had said to you the UK government should be preparing for a lockdown that might last for months, then I have no doubt the Treasury would have developed schemes it did subsequently develop around the furlough and the Covid loans.

"Planning could have been done for a furlough scheme in advance - I'm not clear that would have made a better furlough scheme than the one we as a country actually saw."

Earlier in the day, Sir Oliver Letwin, a senior minister in David Cameron's government, told the inquiry a rapid turnover of civil service staff hindered the government's ability to plan for pandemics.

He also warned that the UK was "wildly under-resilient" and said there should be a minister "solely devoted" to the subject.

Labour said the admissions were "too little, too late", adding the Conservatives "cannot be trusted to protect the public from the emergencies of tomorrow".

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Homme said he was "extremely thankful that I'll get through this"

Singer and guitarist Josh Homme, founder of rock band Queens of the Stone Age, has revealed he was diagnosed with cancer last year.

He had a successful operation to remove it and is "still healing", according to Revolver magazine.

Homme told Revolver: "Cancer is just the cherry on top of an interesting time period, you know? I'm extremely thankful that I'll get through this."

The 50-year-old has not disclosed what sort of cancer it was.

"I never say it can't get any worse," he told the magazine. "I never say that, and I wouldn't advise it. But I do say it can get better."

He added: "There's a lot of stuff I want to do. And there's a lot of people I want to do that with."

Queens of Stone Age are known for songs like 2002's No One Knows, which featured the Foo Fighters' Dave Grohl on drums. They have had three Grammy nominations and won an NME award for best live band.

Homme spoke following a tumultuous several years, which has also seen the deaths of several close friends and a bitter divorce and custody battle with Distillers singer Brody Dalle, with the pair accusing each other of physical abuse.

Asked about Dalle by Revolver, he said: "I would never talk bad about the mother of my children. And I will not talk about my children."

Homme now has custody of the three children, who will accompany him on the Euoropean dates of the Queens of the Stone Age's tour this summer.

He told Revolver he was determined to get back on the road. "When I'm on tour, I'm back on the streets where I belong," he said. "I'm not such a caged animal out there."

Queens of the Stone Age are about to release their eighth studio album, titled In Times New Roman..., and will play a string of UK dates including the Glastonbury Festival later this month.

However, the band will spend less time on the road than in previous album cycles so he can spend more time at home with his family. "Things have changed a little bit for me. However long I go away, I must come back for at least that length of time," he said.

Homme also co-founded Eagles of Death Metal, with whom he plays the drums.

John Caldwell is a senior detectives in the Police Service of Northern Ireland

A 23-year-old man has been released after he was questioned about a claim of responsibility made for the shooting of one of Northern Ireland's top detectives.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell suffered life-changing injuries after he was shot in front of his young son in Omagh on 22 February.

The man was arrested after the search of a property in Londonderry.

He was taken to Musgrave Police Station in Belfast for questioning.

An admission of responsibility for the shooting was made in a typed statement taped to a wall beside shops in the Creggan estate in Derry.

Police believe the dissident republican group the New IRA was behind the attack.

Danny Carter said he and his partner have delayed having a second baby due to childcare costs

Childcare costs in Wales have priced some parents out of work and stopped them from having more children.

The Welsh government is under pressure to bring its childcare plans into line with the UK government's in England.

Parents there will get up to 30 hours a week of free childcare for children as young as nine months from 2025.

In Wales, this is for three and four-year-olds, but a minister said the Welsh government was "rolling out" an expansion to include two-year-olds.

Danny Carter, a climbing centre manager in Cardiff, said he worried "constantly" about paying for childcare.

"Our budget is a lot tighter than it's ever been, but we're earning more than we've ever earnt," he said.

The 32-year-old said he and his partner had recently got "significantly" higher paying jobs, but as it meant more days in nursery for their two-year old son, ended up much worse off.

They have gone from paying £200 a month for one day a week to £900.

"It's a lot of money, it's a lot more than our mortgage - it's our biggest expenditure by far," he said.

According to children's charity Coram, childcare prices have risen faster on average in Wales than in England and Scotland - with 50 hours a week for children under two up more than 4% since 2021.

Mr Carter said his son's nursery had recently announced that fees would go up from £63 to £70 per day from April.

"There's no treats anymore, we're living hand to mouth," he added.

"It shouldn't be the case. We're earning £60,000 between us. We shouldn't be so skint and worrying if we can afford food one week or next.

"We can't plan on having a second child now until our son is three years old and eligible for free childcare and the money worries ease up a bit.

"It's an enforced age gap, we've always wanted to have more children, but we couldn't afford to have another kid now without some more support."

Liz Jeffries has two children - Dylan, eight, and Elsie, two

Education and childcare are devolved, so any potential changes to childcare support in Wales will be a matter for the Welsh government.

Finance Minister Rebecca Evans said the Welsh government had already budgeted for an extra 4,500 families with two-year olds to receive free childcare hours next year.

The Welsh government is set to receive an additional £180m after Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced plans to expand free childcare hours in England.

Ms Evans added: "Obviously we want to do more in this space. The question is, will we have enough funding to move further and over what period?"

She said ministers would need to sit down and "look at the figures" to work out if there could be any further expansion to free childcare in Wales.

Liz Jeffries, 38, has wanted to pick up more hours at work since her daughter, Elsie, turned two last year.

Liz Jeffries has had to turn down extra work because she would end up worse off

But the mother-of-two, who works part-time as an administration manager for an estate agent in Abergavenny, Monmouthshire, said she would only take home about £5 a day extra after she accounted for childcare.

"I really wanted to do it, but my decision [to turn down the work] was purely based on financial reasons.

"Childcare is just so expensive. The situation irritates me because I know I can give more to my current employer but I'm being held back by the childcare system.

"I do worry it will affect my career progression because I'm not here as much."

Ms Jeffries said her daughter would qualify for the Welsh government's existing 30-hour free childcare scheme from September, but more help was needed.

She added: "From other people I've talked to about this as well, there's a lot of people out there, all parents, who are being offered more work but can't take it up because of childcare."

UK holiday village chain Center Parcs has been put up for sale by its owner, the Canadian private equity firm Brookfield.

The company is looking to raise between £4bn and £5bn from the sale according to the Financial Times.

Brookfield bought the business for about £2.4bn in 2015.

Center Parcs runs six holiday villages in the UK and Ireland which attract more than two million visitors every year.

They are particularly popular with families as they offer a range of activities on-site, with an indoor waterpark as the central attraction and wooden cabins set in cycle-friendly forests.

The first UK location opened in 1987, at Sherwood Forest in Nottinghamshire. There are now holiday villages at Elveden Forest, Longleat Forest, Whinfell Forest and Woburn Forest.

In 2019, it opened its first site in Ireland, with Center Parcs Longford Forest close to the town of Ballymahon in County Longford.

The Financial Times said that Brookfield had appointed investment bankers to sound out potential buyers, including other private equity firms.

Danni Hewson, head of financial analysis at AJ Bell, said there still appeared to be strong demand for Center Parcs holidays for now, with some wealthier holidaymakers trading down from holidays abroad.

"During the pandemic Brits rushed to snap up sought after places, but even with cash-strapped families ditching the extra 'staycation' in favour of one holiday, it's clear by the prices and availability that there's still more than enough business to go around - so far," she said.

But rising mortgage costs and the difficult economic climate did raise a question over future growth, she added.

Earlier this year, Center Parcs scrapped plans to develop a new holiday village in West Sussex.

In July 2021, the company had secured an option agreement to acquire Oldhouse Warren, a privately-owned woodland on the outskirts of Crawley.

However, Center Parcs said a "rigorous" environmental survey had revealed that the site was not suitable for development.

Environmentalists had argued that the site would destroy established woodland and damage the habitats of rare birds.

At the end of last year Center Parcs said occupancy rates were at 97.3%, and broadly in line with pre-Covid levels.

Revenue of £426.6m between April and December last year represented a 20% increase compared to the same period a year earlier, and 18% higher than before the pandemic.

Last year, Center Parcs was forced to backtrack over a decision to ask guests to leave its sites on the day of the Queen's funeral.

When it announced the move, it said the decision was made "as a mark of respect" and to allow employees to "be part of this historic moment".

But the move prompted angry complaints from holidaymakers as it would have meant some guests would have had to leave part-way through their break and return afterwards.

Center Parcs UK is a separate business from Center Parcs Europe, which has holiday villages in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and France. The European business is still owned by Blackstone Group which sold the UK part of the business to Brookfield in 2015.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'It was big, really big. We knew we had to see it'

A huge 14ft (4.2m) smalltooth sand tiger shark has washed up in County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland.

Scientists believe this is the first official record of this rare species in Irish waters.

A Swiss tourist emailed shark biologist Nicholas Payne at Trinity College Dublin after he discovered it while walking at Kilmore Quay on Saturday.

"As soon as I saw the photos, I knew we had to get down there urgently," said Dr Payne.

The Trinity team, including Jenny Bortoluzzi and Haley Dolton, and accompanied by UCD scientist Kevin Purves, rushed against the incoming tide to see the shark.

"Myself and my team quickly scrambled and drove down to Wexford and we made it just in time as the tide was coming in," he said.

"We had to rush to take as many measures and samples of the animal as possible before the tide took it out."

Smalltooth sand tiger sharks, which pose no risk to people, are currently assessed as "vulnerable" by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.

While not specifically targeted by commercial fisheries, they may face threats such as bycatch, or from pollution.

The distinctive snout and teeth help distinguish the smalltooth sand tiger shark from other species

The team is keen to learn what happened to it - why it died and why it appeared in this region.

"It's a rare opportunity to have access to this species and to do what we can in terms of learning more information in trying to get something good out of this sad event."

Dr Payne said the shark weighed between 300 and 400kgs, a "really large female".

"Even though it was dead, for us to be so close to it and measuring and looking at it - it is still awe inspiring for us to see those amazing animals - albeit it a little bit sad - that it was not swimming around out there."

Maximum recorded size for females of this species is about 15ft, (4.5m) putting this Irish specimen - which was a female - at the upper end of their size limits.

A fortnight ago, another of the species washed up on the south English coast and Dr Payne said there were concerns about seeing two in a short space of time in such a northerly location.

They intend to make contact with the marine biologists in the UK to share information about the two sharks.

Dr Payne said these sharks are not aggressive animals and there has not been a single recorded incidence of a human being bitten.

"If there's any worry to be had it's more probably from the shark's perspective because seeing two animals appear so close together both in space and time - given that they are normally not observed in this region - is a little bit concerning from our point of view as shark biologists and conservationists," he said.

"We're hopeful it's not the start of something or that we are going to see more mortalities in this species."

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Zebra roams the streets of Seoul before being tranquilised and returned to the zoo

A zebra has been returned to its home at a zoo in South Korea's capital, Seoul, after spending three hours on the loose.

The male zebra, named Sero, which means vertical in Korean, broke free from Seoul Children's Grand Park Zoo on Thursday afternoon.

Police, fire officials and zoo staff were all involved in trying to safely capture him.

Sero was also seen wandering down a street and poking his nose into garbage bins in a residential area close to where he escaped in the city's east.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Hyunsu Yim This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The young zebra, who was born at the zoo in 2021, was able to escape after breaking the wooden fencing around his pen, according to the Seoul Gwangjin Fire Station.

Sero was eventually trapped by officials using a safety fence after he entered a narrow alleyway.

He was tranquilized before being taken back to the zoo in the back of a truck.

An official at the Children's Grand Park Zoo told the Associated Press that the zebra has been assessed by vets and is in a stable condition.

According to its website, the zoo houses more than 400 animals from 38 species, including Korean dogs, monkeys and donkeys.

Sarah Polley won the Best Adapted Screenplay award for Women Talking

Canadian film-maker Sarah Polley has shared a "cruel" April Fools' joke played on her by none other than her 11-year-old child.

A letter turned up on Saturday morning, reading "We say this to you with the deepest regrets: the Oscar you received was given by mistake."

Polley won the best adapted screenplay for Women Talking at the 95th Academy Awards in Los Angeles last month.

The letter, posted on Twitter, asked her to "mail it back" to California.

It said she could keep the award for one more week so she could "enjoy its presence" in her home.

But ultimately, it needed to be returned so it could go to the "rightful" winner: All Quiet on the Western Front.

"We are sorry for your loss, but it is only fair that the play with the real best adapted screenplay gets the Oscar."

Polley's child went on to joke that Oscar bosses had realised their error on the day the award was given - but wanted to avoid another blunder like La La Land being named winner of Best Picture in 2017 instead of Moonlight.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by @realSarahPolley (she/her) This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The film-maker behind All Quiet on the Western Front, Edward Berger, got in on the joke.

"To save on mailing costs as I live overseas the Academy has asked me to provide you with my address so you can ship the Oscar directly," he tweeted to Polley.

"I will follow up shortly. Ok with you?"

Polley, who shot to fame as an actor in the 1990s, swiftly realised the letter was not written by the Academy, but by her child as an April Fools' Day prank.

But she made it clear she wasn't impressed - saying her 11-year-old "swung low" for April Fools' Day.

"We feel it is wrong you get this on 1 April as you will probably think it is a joke, and we feel that is wrong, so another letter will be sent assuring you that this is not a joke," the letter said.

"This is much too cruel to be a joke, ergo we deeply apologise for any inconvenience we may have caused you."

The boss of London's biggest estate agent has said the lack of rental options in the capital is so "dramatic" people will need to move further out.

"We absolutely don't welcome this but people are going to have to move," Foxtons chief executive Guy Gittins told the BBC.

People who are being priced out will "have to compromise on the property type or location," he said.

It came as Foxtons reported its annual profits had doubled in the past year.

Its lettings business saw particularly strong growth, with revenue up more than 17%.

Rising rents have been blamed for driving renters out of London. But Mr Gittins said a mismatch between supply and demand was the real problem.

"The main issue is not affordability for the majority of the market - it's the stock issue," he told Radio 4's Today Programme.

Mr Gittins put the "unhealthy" supply and demand challenges down to recent policy decisions.

In its update to investors, Foxtons said the housing market relied on the availability of mortgage financing. It noted that interest rates had increased globally last year, with the UK impacted "in particular" by the government's "mini-budget" last September.

In the immediate aftermath, there was a drop in buy-to-let mortgage deals with many property investors reliant on interest-only mortgages hit by the volatility. Foxtons said this was likely to "adversely affect affordability" in the housing market.

He predicted the shortage in the market would continue for the next two to three years.

But Foxtons expects sales activity, which has slowed in the last six months, to improve in the latter part of this year.

"Mortgage rates have started to reduce in recent weeks and buyer activity is picking up, which may result in a more favourable sales market in the latter part of the year," the company said in a statement.

Rental site SpareRoom said the number of renters versus rooms available in London and its surroundings was higher this month compared to the same time last year.

According to its data, there were five active renters for each room available, versus two last March. The number was as high as eight per room in September 2022.

"The last 12 months has seen rents across the UK hit record highs and, unless new supply comes into market over the coming months, it's hard to see how those rents will come down," SpareRoom director Matt Hutchinson told the BBC.

"High rents not only make it difficult for tenants who need to move now, it also means that many stay put to avoid paying more rent," he added.

Average UK house prices fell in the second half of 2022 as buyers were squeezed by higher mortgage rates and living costs.

However, fresh figures from the Halifax suggest the situation has improved somewhat. Average UK property values increased by 1.1% on a monthly basis in February, it said, accelerating from 0.2% growth in January.

Kim Kinnaird, director at Halifax Mortgages, said: "Recent reductions in mortgage rates, improving consumer confidence, and a continuing resilience in the labour market are arguably helping to stabilise prices following the falls seen in November and December.

"Still, with the cost of a home down on a quarterly basis (by 2.5%), the underlying activity continues to indicate a general downward trend.

Earlier this month, property portal Rightmove found that house hunters are looking in a wider geographical area compared to before the pandemic, with increased searches for more properties in cheaper areas further afield.

Guy Gittins took up his role last September, faced with the worst housing market since the financial crisis.

In an early move, he bought a fleet of green and yellow Mini Coopers for the estate agent's sales force.

He also spent on sending around 100 of the firm's top-performing employees to the Italian ski resort of Courmayeur.

Mr Gittins started his career at Foxtons in 2002 on a salary of £22,000. He then rose to becoming the boss of rival agent Chestertons.

His current role has a starting salary of £450,000 and a maximum bonus one and a half times this figure.

On Radio 4 and 5 Live we're looking in depth at rented housing in the UK and we want to hear your stories for our Rental Health project at the end of March.

What impact is the cost of rent having on you? If you are looking for somewhere to rent are you having to queue to view? What conditions are you living in? If you are a landlord, what pressures are you under?

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Michele Bullock has been named as the next governor of the RBA

Australia's central bank says it will be led by a woman for the first time since it was founded in 1960.

Michele Bullock will succeed Philip Lowe, who is coming to the end of a seven-year term as governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA).

Her appointment comes as the country has been battling rising prices and the RBA is facing a major shakeup.

It has raised interest rates to their highest level in over a decade in a bid to tackle inflation.

The Australian financial services industry is male-dominated and has one of the nation's widest gender pay gaps.

Ms Bullock, who is currently the RBA's deputy governor, is due to start her seven-year term as governor on 18 September.

"It is a challenging time to be coming into this role, but I will be supported by a strong executive team and boards," Ms Bullock said in a statement on Friday.

"I am committed to ensuring that the Reserve Bank delivers on its policy and operational objectives for the benefit of the Australian people," she added.

Ms Bullock has been described as an RBA insider, having joined the central bank as an analyst nearly four decades ago.

In that time she has held senior management positions, including assistant governor and head of the payments policy department, before being appointed as the RBA's deputy governor in April 2022.

Australia's Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said in a post on Twitter that Ms Bullock was "an outstanding economist, with a long and distinguished career at the central bank."

"We believe she has the experience, expertise and fresh perspective to lead the RBA as Australia - and the world - face ongoing economic challenges," Mr Albanese said in another tweet.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Anthony Albanese This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Finance minister Kathy Gallagher said: "This is a historic moment for Australia with Michele's appointment seeing our RBA led by a woman for the first time."

Mr Lowe, the RBA's outgoing governor, said the central bank was in good hands as it deals with the rising cost of living.

"The Treasurer has made a first-rate appointment. I wish Michele all the best," he said.

The RBA is under pressure to tackle inflation, which is stretching household budgets.

The central bank has raised interest rates 12 times since last May - to mixed reactions from economists. The RBA's main interest rate is currently at an 11-year high of 4.1%.

In theory, raising interest rates makes it more expensive to borrow money and encourages people to spend less, which can bring down inflation.

Mr Lowe faced criticism after suggesting that Australians should work more and spend less to deal with higher borrowing costs.

"If people can cut back spending, or in some cases find additional hours of work, that would put them back into a positive cash flow position," Mr Lowe said at a financial industry conference last month.

He has also defended the central's bank decision to raise its main interest rate for the twelfth time, saying "homeowners are doing fine".

Earlier this year, the Australian government released its first external review of the RBA in 40 years.

The review made 51 recommendations, including calls for the central bank to have a clearer monetary policy framework and greater accountability.

Australia's financial services industry continues to have one of the nation's highest gender pay gaps, according to government data.

The Workplace Gender Equality Agency found a 28.6% difference in remuneration between males and females across the sector last year.

This was higher than the national gender pay gap of 22.8%.

Tesco has cut the price of its milk for the first time since May 2020, in a possible sign that price rises for a weekly shop could be starting to ease.

Britain's largest supermarket said it would reduce its four pint bottle from £1.65 to £1.55 from Wednesday.

Two pints will be cut by 5p to £1.25 and a single pint will also drop by the same amount to 90p.

Tesco said its costs for buying in milk had fallen so it had decided to "pass that reduction on to customers".

The price of a weekly shop for households has been rising in recent months and latest official figures show that food inflation in particular was up by 18.2% in the year to February - the highest since 1978.

Milk itself has risen by 43% in price on average from February 2022 to February this year. It is one of many staples, including cheese and eggs, which have surged in cost and squeezed household budgets.

Jason Tarry, Tesco's UK and Ireland boss, said the supermarket's cuts to milk prices would "not affect" the price it pays to its farmers.

"We've seen some cost price deflation for milk across the market in recent times, and we want to take this opportunity to pass that reduction on to customers," he said.

Laith Khalaf, head of investment analysis at AJ Bell, said while the cut in price was only to a single product, the decision by Tesco was "some light at the end of the inflationary tunnel for consumers".

"It also suggests that the UK's fiercely competitive supermarket sector isn't simply going to cash in on profits as wholesale costs fall, because there's always a competitor waiting in the wings to do some undercutting," he added.

Bigger supermarkets such as Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's are having to constantly monitor their prices amid stiff competition from discounters Aldi and Lidl.

Mr Khalaf said that some "good financial news is long overdue" following a year of price rises and interest rate hikes which had hit household finances.

As well as reducing milk prices, Tesco said it was "locking in" prices on over 1,000 everyday products until 5 July, including Yorkshire Tea, chips, and Shredded Wheat.

Sainsbury's announced on Monday that it was introducing lower prices on hundreds of products for members of its loyalty Nectar card.

The loyalty programme rivals Tesco's Clubcard which rewards members with deals when they shop.

The shake-up by the rival supermarkets comes as new figures revealed people had cut back on groceries and eating out in March, with nine out of 10 shoppers reporting feeling concerned about rising food prices, according to Barclays.

Around 62% said they were finding ways to reduce the cost of their weekly shop, a report showed.

The star is due to perform at a Norwegian festival on Wednesday

Pop star Lil Nas X was among four Americans reportedly stopped by Norwegian police for mistakenly riding e-scooters through a major Oslo tunnel.

Authorities briefly closed the six-lane Festning Tunnel after the incident, but none of the riders were detained.

The tourists apparently got lost after following a GPS route into the tunnel on Monday evening.

"They apologised. We have escorted them out," police said. They did not confirm if Lil Nas X was among the party.

However, the rapper posted photographs of the incident on his Instagram story.

"About to go to jail in Norway," he captioned one, taken inside the tunnel itself.

In a later picture, he posed with two police officers, joking that he'd been let off because they were fans.

The tunnel's operations manager, Vidar Pedersen, later gave his account of the incident to Norway's Dagbladet newspaper.

He said police were called soon after the scooters were spotted entering the tunnel, and approached the riders after checking CCTV footage.

"At one point, they also crossed the road, then realised it wasn't such a good idea," Pedersen said.

"We then sent two police patrols, guided them out and onto the quay at the waterfront."

Lil Nas X, whose real name is Montero Lamar Hill, is in Norway to perform at Wednesday's Slottsffell festival.

He recently appeared at Glastonbury, taking second billing on the Pyramid Stage to Elton John.

The rapper, who became an overnight sensation with the song Old Town Road in 2019, appeared at Elton's request, after the star called him "a hurricane of fresh air".

He rose to the occasion with a visually-stunning, sexually-charged set that incorporated dozens of rock and samples, from Michael Jackson's Bad to Nirvana's Something In The Way, alongside his own hits, including That's What I Want, Industry Baby and Montero (Call Me By Your Name).

Alongside multiple costume changes, the star was surrounded by dozens of dancers, as well as a giant metal snake and a huge furry horse... but no e-scooters.

The 24-year-old is not the first tourist to get stuck in one of Norway's complex and busy tunnel system.

In 2019, a man who said he followed a route given by Google Maps entered the nearly 10-mile long Opera Tunnel complex. He was not charged or detained.

The singer started his set in full voice, but was largely unable to sing by the time he left the stage

Lewis Capaldi struggled to complete his Glastonbury set on Saturday evening, with vocal problems leaving him almost unable to sing his final songs.

The show was supposed to be a comeback, after Capaldi cancelled three weeks of shows to "rest and recover" amid concerns for his health.

But despite a warm reception from the crowd, his voice quickly faltered and he left the stage looking dejected.

"Glastonbury, I'm really sorry," he said. "I'm a bit annoyed with myself."

The audience lent him their vocal support, willing him along and belting out the words. They wanted him to know it was OK, that they were there for him.

It was a wonderful, communal display of both the Glastonbury spirit, and the genuine public affection for Capaldi, who walked around the stage, singing when he could manage, and taking in the view.

By the end of the set, the star suggested he would need to take more time away from public life to recuperate.

"I feel like I'll be taking another wee break over the next couple of weeks. So you probably won't see much of me for the rest of the year, maybe even.

"But when I do come back and when I do see you, I hope you're still up for watching us."

As his band played Someone You Love, the singer largely stayed silent, with the crowd carrying him along on an affectionate wave of support,

"I genuinely dreamt of doing this," he said as he walked off. "If I never get to do it again, this has been enough."

The singer has been remarkably brave in discussing his struggles with anxiety and the pressures of fame.

Last year, he announced that he'd been given a diagnosis of Tourette's syndrome, and he recently appeared in a candid Netflix film documenting his mental health issues.

"When I have a panic attack, it feels like I'm going insane, completely disconnected from reality," he told the director, Joe Pearlman. "I can't breathe. I can't feel my breath going in. I get dizzy. I feel like there's something happening to my head. I'm sweating.

"The big thing for me with it is, I'm always going to feel like this now, this is me."

The crowd took Capaldi's predicament to heart, and buoyed him along with a mass singalong

After the release of his second album, Broken by Desire to Be Heavenly Sent, earlier this year, he found that the pressures of touring and promotion were having an adverse effect.

On 5 June, he posted a statement on social media saying he was scrapping all of his tour dates in the run-up to Glastonbury to recuperate.

"The last few months have been full-on both mentally and physically," he wrote, "I haven't been home properly since Christmas and at the moment I am struggling to get to grips with it all."

"I need to take a moment to rest and recover, to be at my best and ready for Glastonbury, and all of the other incredible shows coming up so that I'm able to continue doing what I love for a long time to come."

He was given a hero's welcome when he walked out onto Glastonbury's biggest stage, drawing a crowd to rival the one that watched Arctic Monkeys on Friday.

After playing Forget Me and Forever (interrupted, unexpectedly, by a fly past from the Red Arrows), the audience started chanting, "Ohhh, Lewis Capaldi" to the tune of the White Stripes' Seven Nation Army.

"That's enough," he scolded. "I don't need Jack White making money off this situation."

But as the chorus continued, he began to feign exasperation.

"All of you, I imagine, would make terrible lovers. You're so keen. Let me tease you a little bit, please."

And tease he did, introducing Pointless with a bit of banter about how he'd written the song with "fellow ginger" Ed Sheeran.

"So ladies and gentlemen," he announced. "Ed Sheeran... is not here."

The star said he would take an extended break after his performance

But by the fifth song, his voice began to sound raspy and fractured.

"I really apologise. You've all come out and my voice is really packing in," he said, in the first of many apologies.

He soldiered through, but the issues were clearly agitating him and the symptoms of his Tourette's began to become more visible.

Although he was visibly upset, the audience were firmly on his side throughout.

When he announced towards the end of his set that he might only be able to finish two more songs, the woman next to me stretched out her arms and whispered: "You just play as many as you want, babe."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least 18 people were struck by Mr Alvarez's SUV vehicle, eight of whom have died

The driver of a car which struck a group of people in Brownsville, Texas, killing eight, has been charged with manslaughter.

Police have identified the driver as George Alvarez, a 34-year-old Brownsville resident with a lengthy criminal history.

Investigators have yet to determine whether the incident was intentional or an accident.

Twelve people were also injured in the crash, some of them critically.

In a news conference on Monday, Brownsville Police Chief Felix Sauceda said that Mr Alvarez ran a red light and lost control of his vehicle, striking 18 people.

The group was at a bus stop close to a shelter for the homeless and migrants in Brownsville, which is located near the US-Mexico border.

Mr Alvarez allegedly attempted to flee the crash site, but was restrained and "held down" by people at the scene.

In addition to eight manslaughter charges, Mr Alvarez is now facing 10 counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.

Mr Saucedo said that "several" of the victims have been confirmed as being Venezuelan nationals. Local authorities have been in touch with Venezuelan authorities to coordinate reunification efforts and assistance for the victims.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Migrants after car attack: 'We fought hard to be here'

According to Brownsville police, Mr Alvarez has an extensive criminal history, which has included nine assault charges against family members, public servants and elderly and disabled people, as well as charges for drunk driving, marijuana possession, burglary and evading arrest, among other counts.

He has so far been uncooperative with police and is being held on $3.6m (£2.85m) bond.

Mr Saucedo said that investigators so far "have nothing to validate" reports that Mr Alvarez expressed anti-immigrant sentiment before the incident took place.

Authorities, however, have not ruled out that the attack may have been intentional.

Police are still waiting on the results of a formal toxicology report to determine whether he was intoxicated or using drugs at the time of the crash.

Video reportedly taken at the scene appears to show Mr Alvarez being restrained by police officers and taken to a waiting vehicle. In the video - which cannot be independently verified by the BBC - he is shirtless and wearing boots coloured like the flag of Texas.

The incident came as Brownsville and other border communities are dealing with a significant increase in illegal migrant arrivals ahead of the expiry of Title 42, a Covid-era policy that allowed the US to automatically expel undocumented migrants.

The influx prompted Brownsville officials to issue a disaster declaration in April.

The fathers of Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar have addressed a vigil for their children who were killed on Tuesday.

Both parents said their children loved life at Nottingham University and expressed their shock at their deaths.

Students Barnaby and Grace, and school caretaker Ian Coates, were stabbed to death in the city in the early hours of Tuesday.

Last updated on .From the section Championship

Leicester City got their Championship promotion charge back on track with a come-from-behind victory over in-form Norwich at the King Power Stadium.

Gabriel Sara gave the Canaries the lead after 20 minutes and Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall responded 13 minutes later from close range.

Stephy Mavididi put Leicester in front after the break with a clever finish after beating Jack Stacey and Jamie Vardy added a third in stoppage time to seal it.

The victory was only the third in eight league games for the Foxes, who remained third after wins for Ipswich and Leeds, and ended a run of three wins in a row for David Wagner's Norwich.

Norwich went ahead with their first shot of the game as Sara slotted Marcelino Nunez's corner home from two yards out after Ben Gibson created space at the near post.

But just past the half-hour mark, Dewsbury-Hall levelled when Wilfred Ndidi's deep cross was headed back across goal by Mavididi, and the midfielder nodded home for his first goal in 10 games.

Nerves lifted for the hosts from then on and moments later, Harry Winks fired straight at Angus Gunn after Abdul Fatawu's superb driving run and cross from the right.

Norwich almost gifted Leicester a second after the break when Sam McCullum misjudged a header back to Gunn, only for Patson Daka to squander the finish.

The pressure finally told on the hour when Mavididi made it 2-1 after Norwich gave the ball away high up the pitch. Fatawu found Dewsbury-Hall, who returned the earlier favour and set up the winger for his 12th goal of the season.

Norwich were on the ropes, but they almost levelled 20 minutes from time when Stacey cut inside on the right, but his shot went the wrong side of the post.

Vardy came off the bench and made sure of the win at the end, slamming home at the back post after Winks' effort deflected into his path.

Leicester were back to their dominant, vibrant best after a shaky start, with a return to form for Dewsbury-Hall and Mavididi crucial heading into the run-in and they will be at home again, against Birmingham City, on Saturday, with Norwich hosting Ipswich in the East Anglia derby.

"I'm very happy, first of all because it was important to win the game. Second, for different reasons in the last six or seven games, we haven't won many.

"It was important to win and they showed they were mentally strong because they went 1-0 down and that is not easy. The reaction was fantastic.

"Until the end, every game will be important. I don't think [losing to Bristol City] added pressure. The only thing we can do is focus game by game.

"I'm especially happy because the players continued to play in the same way despite the noise. They really believe in that, and the reward is the three points."

"Without possession, the players put in a shift and were well organised. Defensively we were OK, so there were some positives.

"But, in possession, we were below par. It's disappointing. Too many players were not as good with their movement, technique and their touches.

"You have to put your passes together, have to show bravery, have to show the quality - even under pressure - to make something happen.

"We know that we are better than this - the guys have shown it in recent weeks and months. Very quickly we will put this to bed and move on to the next game with the knowledge of what we have to do."
• None Goal! Leicester City 3, Norwich City 1. Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal.
• None Attempt blocked. Harry Winks (Leicester City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt blocked. Harry Winks (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Dennis Praet.
• None James Justin (Leicester City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Attempt missed. Hamza Choudhury (Leicester City) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Dennis Praet. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Muzz says it has eight million members worldwide

A Muslim dating app which was told to change its name over similarities to Match.com has lost its appeal.

The Court of Appeal upheld a June 2022 ruling that the average consumer would have thought Muzmatch - now Muzz - was part of Match Group, which also owns Tinder.

Muzz has criticised the ruling, calling the legal action "deeply worrying for other start-ups in the dating sector".

Match Group said it was pleased the court ruled in its favour.

A spokesperson told the BBC: "We've always known that Muzmatch has unfairly benefitted from our reputation and investment in our brands, and was unrightfully riding Match Group's coat-tails for its own gain.

"We will keep protecting the work and creativity of our employees as we continue to spark meaningful connections for all singles, of all backgrounds, all around the world."

The court did not find issue with the original judge's ruling that there was "a likelihood of confusion as a result of Muzmatch's use of SEO keywords comprising the word 'match'".

SEO (search engine optimisation) involves using particular words or phrases on websites to make it more likely they will appear prominently on sites such as Google.

Criticising the decision, Muzz founder and chief executive Shahzad Younas told the BBC the legal action was a "tactic" from Match Group to "maintain their globally dominant position".

"How about actually innovating and building better products, rather than using such lazy and predatory tactics against your rivals?" he said.

Muzz launched in the UK in 2015 as Muzmatch, a dating app specifically for Muslims.

Mr Younas said Match Group had attempted to purchase the business on four separate occasions, including making an offer of £28m ($35m), which he said he turned down.

A Match Group spokesperson told the BBC it could not comment on mergers and acquisitions, but said this part of its business "does not impact our decisions to protect our intellectual property and trademarks in any way".

Since then, he said the case had cost Muzz "almost $2m in legal fees and damages".

"This is small change for a multi-billion dollar conglomerate such as Match Group, however, [it] is precious working capital for a start-up such as ours," he said.

"It is clear to us that Match Group will do all they can to kill us with a view to them maintaining their near monopoly on the global dating market."

Match Group owns many of the major dating apps used today, including OkCupid, Hinge and Plenty Of Fish.

It merged with Tinder for approximately $3bn in 2017, which led to legal action over the valuation of the company with Tinder's founders.

The dating app's founders believed the merger undervalued Tinder. Match Group agreed to settle the case for $441m in 2021.

Match Group later attempted to acquire Bumble, a dating app where women "make the first move", but failed in its bid.

It acquired its own Muslim dating service, Harmonica, which it renamed Hawaya. The service shut down in February 2023.

Wyoming has become the first US state to ban abortion pills after its governor signed a bill that made prescribing or selling them illegal.

Violating it is punishable by up to six months in jail and a $9,000 fine.

Women "upon whom a chemical abortion is performed or attempted" will not be prosecuted.

As Mark Gordon signed the bill on Friday, a Texas judge was considering a lawsuit that could effectively ban a common abortion pill nationwide.

Abortion pills are the most common method of pregnancy termination in the US.

The Wyoming bill, which was passed by the state's Republican-controlled legislature earlier this month, makes it illegal to "prescribe, dispense, distribute, sell or use any drug for the purpose of procuring or performing an abortion".

The law is scheduled to take effect on 1 July.

It does not cover morning-after pills or treatment to protect a woman whose health or life is in danger.

It also exempts treatment of a "natural miscarriage according to currently accepted medical guidelines".

Wyoming American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) advocacy director Antonio Serrano criticised the bill, saying "a person's health, not politics, should guide important medical decisions - including the decision to have an abortion".

Wyoming only has one clinic that provides abortions - the Women's Health & Family Care Clinic in Jackson.

The state is one of many in which legal fights over abortion bans are ongoing after the Supreme Court reversed the landmark 1973 Roe v Wade judgement legalising abortion.

More than a dozen states have enacted near-total bans on abortions, several of which have been put on hold by the courts.

Mr Gordon, who is a Republican, also said he would allow a separate, wider bill that bans abortion except in limited circumstances to become law on Sunday without his signature. Both this ban and the ban on abortion pills could face challenges in the courts. It is not clear when a wider ban would come into force.

Even more states have placed restrictions on abortion medication, such as requiring an in-person visit to a doctor before obtaining a pill.

Meanwhile in Texas, Judge Matthew Kacsmaryk, an appointee of former President Donald Trump, is expected to rule imminently on whether a commonly used abortion pill, mifepristone, should be sold in the US, in a ruling that could curtail access to the drug nationwide.

Mifepristone can be taken at home and is used in more than half of US pregnancy terminations.

The judge is set to rule on a lawsuit filed by an anti-abortion group in Texas arguing that the drug's safety was never properly studied by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which approves medicines.

President Joe Biden's administration has argued that mifepristone's approval was well supported by science.

Jocelyn Chia, a lawyer turned comedian, is a prominent performer in New York

A US comedian who offended Malaysian authorities with a joke about missing flight MH370 says the reaction from officials has been "overblown".

Jocelyn Chia told the BBC she was "not making fun of tragedy" and victims, but was trying to find humour in tragedy.

Malaysian police said they would ask Interpol to locate Ms Chia, as they investigate her for incitement and offensive online content.

Ms Chia - who grew up in Singapore - called involving Interpol "ridiculous".

Interpol told the BBC it had not received a request for assistance in the case from Malaysian police.

Ms Chia had joked in a viral video that Malaysian jets "cannot fly", referring to the Malaysia Airlines flight that disappeared in 2014 - a sensitive topic in the country.

She said her joke had been "taken out of context when consumed on social media".

"I have [performed this routine] hundreds of times and even did a shorter version of it in Singapore. It always cracks the audience up. I wouldn't have used it again if it didn't work," she said.

Ms Chia said "roasting" or poking fun at the audience is part of comedy club culture in New York, where she is now based. She said American comics have in the past used the September 11 terror attacks as fodder for their jokes.

"Americans can appreciate humour that is harsher, edgier and more in-your-face, as compared to in Asia where the stand-up comedy scene is still in its early days. You won't find a lot of edgy comedy in Asia," she said.

Flight MH370, a Boeing 777, mysteriously fell off the radar in March 2014 as it was on its way to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur. A four-year search over the Indian Ocean yielded some debris, but not the main fuselage. All 239 on board are presumed dead.

Ms Chia mentioned MH370 in the context of the long-running rivalry between Singapore and Malaysia. The two former British colonies were part of one country until a bitter break-up in 1965.

"Malaysian Airlines going missing not funny huh? Some jokes don't land. This joke kills in Singapore," she said in a 90-second viral clip that was taken from her performance at Manhattan's Comedy Cellar on 7 April.

The video stirred uproar in Malaysia and was removed by TikTok, which cited a violation of its hate speech guidelines. Singapore's Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan said Ms Chia's joke was "horrendous".

Some internet users, including Ms Chia's fellow comedians, criticised her for being insensitive. Others thought it was acceptable as satire.

Interpol's main function is to share information about fugitives and bring them back to the country where they committed a crime.

"I just wish I could have seen the face of the Interpol officer who received this request," Ms Chia said.

"Honestly, if Interpol does do something about this request and things escalate, can you imagine how famous it is going to make me?"

The reaction from Malaysia to Ms Chia's act comes as comedians in some parts of Asia endure closer scrutiny from authorities.

In July 2022, Malaysia arrested comedian Rizal van Geyzel for posting videos that touch on racial and religious sensitivities.

Last month, Chinese stand-up comic Li Haoshi was detained in China and his comedy group fined for a joke perceived as a "serious insult" to the "people's army".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: We can make a big difference to childcare costs, says Jeremy Hunt

The chancellor has vowed to help reduce the cost of childcare at Wednesday's Budget as part of a wider drive to help people into work.

Jeremy Hunt told the BBC that costs were stopping some parents taking a job, and the government could make a "big difference" to reduce them.

He said further support would be part of a package of measures to break down "barriers" to entering the workforce.

But he said public finances meant the room for tax cuts was limited.

Ministers have a lot of heavy lifting to do to make a big impression at the Budget, against the backdrop of an economy that is still wobbly.

Conservative backbench MPs are calling for tax cuts they are not going to get, whilst Labour is slamming the government's long-term record.

Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves says her party's plan to secure more investment in green industries could arrest a "low growth spiral" in the UK.

Under Budget plans that have already been announced, the government is expected to pay childcare support to parents on universal credit up front instead in arrears, as now.

The current UK-wide £646-a-month per child cap on support for universal credit claimants is also expected to be increased by several hundred pounds. An exact figure has not yet been given.

It is expected to be part of a package of measures designed to reverse a rise in economic inactivity since Covid, including changes to fitness-to-work tests for those with medical conditions.

The Budget is also expected to extend the current level of support for energy bills, limiting costs for a typical family to £2,500 a year, for a further three months until June.

Other measures reportedly under consideration, but not yet confirmed, include continuing the 5p cut to fuel duty, changes to tax-free pensions allowances, and bringing forward a rise in the pension age.

Mr Hunt has also resisted Tory calls for the planned rise in corporation tax from 19% to 25% to be cancelled or deferred.

Downplaying the prospects of a major tax-cutting Budget, Mr Hunt said it was important to be "responsible with [the] public finances".

Adding that any cuts would have to be "within the bounds of what is responsible," he said "Conservatives cut taxes when they can".

He also signalled that he was unlikely to announce further childcare support for families that don't qualify for Universal Credit, describing this as "expensive".

Although ministers "would like to help everyone," he added that "you can't always do everything at once".

Cutting childcare costs has emerged as a key political battleground, with prices in the UK among the highest in the world.

Critics say the current level of government support means it is simply not worth large numbers of parents, even those on middle incomes, taking on new or extra work.

Early Years Alliance, an education charity, has welcomed the changes for families on benefits, but urged a "wider package of measures" to bring down costs for parents.

Labour has promised to completely overhaul the system in England if it takes office, saying the current model of free childcare hours is "broken".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: UK risks losing out in green global race, says Rachel Reeves

Ms Reeves, the shadow chancellor, hit out at the Conservatives' record in government, which she said had left the UK in a "low growth, low productivity, low investment spiral".

She said Labour would take inspiration from US President Joe Biden's package of green subsidies to attract investment to new industries.

The party has said that if it wins power at the next election, its promised £8bn "national wealth fund" would be tasked with boosting investment into struggling regions.

Ms Reeves said the government had failed to "seize the opportunities" of investment in green jobs, allowing other countries to "steal march on us here in Britain".

"I feels like we are in the changing room, while other countries are in the global race," she added.

How have you been affected by any issues raised here? You can share your experience by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live text and radio commentaries of selected matches across BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, the BBC Sport website and app

Former US Open champion Sloane Stephens says the abuse of tennis players is getting "worse" and attempts to thwart it make little difference.

This year, French Open organisers have offered players artificial intelligence protection from social media abuse.

The technology aims to filter out abuse on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Twitter.

"It's been a problem my entire career," American Stephens said after her first-round win at Roland Garros.

"It has never stopped. If anything, it's only gotten worse.

"I did hear about the software. I have not used it. I have a lot of key words banned on Instagram and all of these things, but that doesn't stop someone from just typing in an asterisk or typing it in a different way, which obviously software most of the time doesn't catch."

The French Open is the first of the four Grand Slams to introduce such a scheme, with French Tennis Federation CEO Caroline Flaissier saying players' mental health is a "priority for Roland Garros".
• None Norrie unhappy at 'absurd' call in win over Paire
• None I hate being the guy who is injured a lot - GB's Draper

Stephens showed why she is among the tournament's most dangerous unseeded players after beating Czech 16th seed and two-time Grand Slam finalist Karolina Pliskova 6-0 6-4 in an eye-catching first-round encounter.

Runner-up in Paris in 2018, Stephens was not ranked high enough to be seeded when the draw was made last week but is now 30th, which would have been enough for a seeding.

Her rise up the rankings came amid improving form on clay, with the 30-year-old winning the WTA 125 title in San-Malo earlier in May and reaching the semi-finals in Morocco last week.

Stephens will face Russian Varvara Gracheva in the second round.

Ukraine's Elina Svitolina says she has found "a lot of rubbish" being spoken on the tennis circuit about Russia's invasion of Ukraine since returning from maternity leave.

Former world number three Svitolina, playing in her first major since Russia launched the attack on Ukraine last year, won 6-2 6-2 against Italian 26th seed Martina Trevisan on her Grand Slam comeback at Roland Garros.

On Sunday, Ukrainian player Marta Kostyuk was booed in Paris for not shaking the hand of Belarusian Aryna Sabalenka, whose country has supported Russia's war.

Russian and Belarusian players have continued to compete on the ATP and WTA tours as neutral athletes, without a flag, since the invasion in February 2022.

Svitolina urged people to "focus on helping Ukrainians" in her post-match media conference.

"We are missing the main point that people now at this time, they need help as never before," she said.

Becoming increasingly upset as she spoke, the 28-year-old added: "The main point is to help kids, to help women who lost their husbands because they are fighting for Ukraine.

"The kids, they're losing their parents, they're losing parts of their body.

"We are missing the main point of all of that and talking, talking, talking about nothing. Empty, completely empty words. It is not helping anything."

Svitolina won her 17th WTA title - and first since becoming a mother - in Strasbourg on Saturday and will donate her prize money from the event to help Ukrainian children.

Asked if she would donate her Roland Garros winnings, she said: "I will see what are the possibilities and what are the needs of the cities.

"For example, in Odessa, my hometown, or in Kharkiv or Kyiv, we will see what are the urgent needs, and I'll donate this money there."

What else happened in the women's draw on day two?

Stephens' US compatriot Madison Keys advanced to the second round with a 6-1 3-6 6-1 win against Estonia's Kaia Kanepi, while 2021 runner-up Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia beat Czech teenager Linda Fruhvirtova 6-2 6-2.

There was a shock defeat for 12th seed Belinda Bencic of Switzerland as she lost 6-3 2-6 6-4 to Russian lucky loser Elina Avanesyan.

French fifth seed Caroline Garcia survived a second-set wobble to beat China's Wang Xiyu 7-6 (7-4) 4-6 6-4, while 14th seed Beatriz Haddad Maia of Brazil thrashed Germany's Tatjana Maria 6-0 6-1.

Two-time Wimbledon champion and 10th seed Petra Kvitova also exited the draw, losing 6-3 6-4 to Italy's Elisabetta Cocciaretto, and Russian 11th seed Veronika Kudermetova was beaten 6-3 6-1 by Slovakia's Anna Karolina Schmiedlova.

However, Latvia's 2017 champion Jelena Ostapenko beat Czech Tereza Martincova 6-3 7-5 to set up a meeting with American Peyton Stearns.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None What's the story of the 'Indian Titanic'? Hear it from the last two known survivors of the SS Tilawa
• None How to crack those sugar cravings...: Michael Mosley investigates a healthy switch that could boost your mood and memory too

Supporters of Sir Keir Starmer are "drunk with power" and conducting a purge of the Labour left, former shadow chancellor John McDonnell has said.

In a BBC Newsnight interview, the veteran left-winger warned that a "right-wing faction" was weakening the party.

He was speaking after figures on the left complained that they are being blocked from positions in the party.

He has raised his concerns with the Labour leader in writing, warning: "If you stumble, these are the people that will come for you."

The former shadow chancellor said: "What [Keir Starmer's] allowed to happen is a right-wing faction [has] become drunk with power and use devices within the party almost on a search and destroy of the left.

"They seem to be more interested in destroying the presence of the left in the party than getting a Labour government."

His intervention comes after aspiring MPs said they are being excluded from an approved list of parliamentary candidates drawn up by the party's National Executive Committee, Labour's governing body.

Sitting MPs facing selection battles in new seats created by the Boundary Review also say they are losing out to Starmer loyalists. Others on the left have been successful.

And Neal Lawson, director of campaign group Compass and a stalwart of the soft left, recently said he is facing an official investigation over some old tweets calling for cross-party co-operation.

The party says it is looking into his support for other political parties, which is a breach of Labour rules.

In a statement, a spokesperson told the BBC said it had "high standards" for prospective election candidates, and this was "absolutely right".

"This is a changed Labour Party back in the service of working people so we can build a better Britain," they added.

In his Newsnight interview, Mr McDonnell said: "I've written to Keir a few times saying: Look, this factionalism is causing us real problems for the future…There is a sort of a right-wing faction that have got into fairly senior positions and they seem be waging some form of purge against the left.

"And what I said to Keir, is we've always been a broad church. This doesn't help the party, and we're always successful when we're a broad church.

"Previous leaders and prime ministers of the Labour Party have always had in their cabinet a broad church approach - left, right and centre. They've tolerated different views within the party.

"In fact, many of them have welcomed it because you get better discussion, better debates and you get a better decision policy making as well.

"And I said: there's a faction here that actually are so intolerant of dissent that they're removing people, it will weaken our party. And I also said to him, if you stumble, these are the people that will come for you."

Mr McDonnell, a close ally of the former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, has also raised concerns with Sir Keir over former shadow home secretary Diane Abbott's suspension as a Labour MP.

The Labour whip was withdrawn from the veteran left-winger in April, pending an investigation into a letter she wrote about racism to the Observer.

In the letter, she said "many types of white people with points of difference" can experience prejudice, but they were not subject to racism "all their lives". She later withdrew her remarks and apologised "for any anguish caused".

Mr McDonnell said her comments had been "wrong", but added that he had given Sir Keir "several examples of MPs where they've made similar mistakes, some of them worse," and had the party whip restored.

"Why are we discriminating against the first black woman in Parliament? Is it because she is on the left? And there's too many examples like that have taken place," he added.

John McDonnell is a close political ally of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn

The former shadow chancellor said he had advised the Labour leader to ask barrister Martin Forde KC, who was commissioned by Sir Keir in 2020 to examine allegations of bullying, racism and sexism, to re-examine "factionalism" within the party.

He added that he should also be consulted on "some of these issues about the individual cases and complaints that have been made".

"In that way, we might be able to restore confidence in the whole process within the party [around] selections and disciplinary process."

The former shadow chancellor also said that former PM Tony Blair, who is reviled by many on the left, had tolerated different views when he was prime minister.

Mr McDonnell said: "If you look at [it] under Tony Blair, we didn't have mass expulsions like this or anything like that. We didn't have the withdrawal of the whip unless it was something very extreme. There was an atmosphere of tolerance, but actually respect as well."

Josh Simons, director of the Labour Together think tank that is supportive of Sir Keir's leadership, denied there was a purge of the Labour left.

He told Newsnight that Sir Keir was building a party "capable and equipped to govern this country and transform it," including getting people "with talent, with energy, with vigour and commitment into Parliament to do that".

He also added that the Labour leader was implementing recommendations from the Equalities and Human Rights Commission, which published a review in 2020 into how the party handled complaints of antisemitism within the party.

"And if there are people who have tweeted things, shared things on Facebook, engaged with posts that fall foul of those EHRC recommendations, then those people are and should be blocked from being part of the Labour party's leadership in the future," he added.

You can watch BBC Newsnight's interview in full on Tuesday 4 July from 22.30 BST on BBC Two.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Former X Factor contestant Lucy Spraggan has told BBC News that taking part in the show in 2012 felt like being in "an abusive relationship".

She has revealed the reason she left the ITV show abruptly after week three was because she had been raped, and was not ill, as reported at the time.

The singer-songwriter says the industry needs to change to better protect people taking part in reality TV shows.

Both ITV and Fremantle say they are evolving their duty of care processes.

X Factor was made for ITV by Talkback Thames - part of production company Fremantle - and Simon Cowell's company Syco.

Simon Cowell has described what happened to Spraggan as "horrific and heartbreaking".

Spraggan has waived her legal right to anonymity, granted to victims of sexual offences, to speak to the BBC in her first broadcast interview.

In 2012, X Factor was one of the UK's most-watched TV shows and Spraggan became an overnight sensation when millions watched her audition.

"From that moment on, my life changed forever," she tells the BBC.

"From the beginning, they kind of make you into a caricature of yourself. It's almost like there's a storyline written for you," she adds.

Lucy sang a song she had written herself at her 2012 audition

Spraggan, who was 20 at the time, says the contestants were immediately put under huge pressure.

"From the very first stage that message was reiterated and reiterated and reiterated to the point where that's all you believe - [that] 'this is the biggest opportunity of my life,'" she says.

Now 31, she says she has never since experienced a situation where "somebody completely takes the reins of my life".

"If I had experienced that again, as a normal human being, I would have said that I would have been in an abusive relationship."

Spraggan details her experiences on the show in her new memoir, Process: Finding My Way Through, including the sexual assault.

It happened at a hotel where she and her fellow contestant - the broadcaster Rylan Clark - had been moved to, away from the others.

They had initially been staying at the luxury Corinthia Hotel in central London, where Spraggan says they were guarded by 24-hour security.

She says the show's producers told her the hotel had asked the pair to leave because they were "causing too much trouble". Headlines had branded them "party animals".

"So Rylan and I always sort of were under the impression that we were removed, because that supported the narrative," Spraggan says.

The pair were not given additional security at the new hotel, she adds.

If you are affected by any of the issues in this story, please visit BBC Action Line.

The night they were moved, Spraggan attended Rylan's birthday party at a club in Mayfair.

Spraggan says she can't remember what happened that night and has pieced together the incident through information from the police and others.

She knows she was not conscious - because she had been drinking alcohol at the party - when she was escorted back to the hotel by a member of the production team.

"The hotel porter that had offered his help to get me up to bed… got a key card, let himself into my room and raped me," she explains.

In 2013, the porter pleaded guilty to the attack and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Rylan was the first person Spraggan told about what happened. "He was unbelievable," she says, describing him as "an angel".

Spraggan says being examined by police for evidence was "one of the worst experiences" of her life. But she also knew that the show - which turned unknowns into singing stars - was the biggest opportunity of her life, and the fourth live show was due to be filmed the following day.

"It was like, this extraordinary thing's happened. The police are here, I've just had this examination. And people still asking me, 'What do you want to do? What do you want to do?' And I was like, 'I want to carry on with the show.'

"It kind of shows you what kind of world you are in, in what kind of mindset you are in, to not be able to really measure what has happened, and what you should do now."

Lucy says the day after the attack she was put in another hotel room, with a security guard outside.

"I remember sort of having to peel myself away from jumping off the balcony. Like having to consciously do that."

Spraggan's next album, called Balance, will be released in August

She decided to leave the show after week three of the competition. But she wasn't voted out by the public or the show's judges - she realised that mentally she couldn't continue.

To explain why she had left, ITV announced that she was ill. Spraggan says she feels she had to go along with the narrative at the time, but says she is now relieved she can tell the truth.

Spraggan felt like she didn't get enough support in the aftermath of the attack - and in the following years her mental health deteriorated considerably and she abused alcohol and drugs. She has now been sober for nearly four years.

Fremantle said: "Whilst we believed throughout that we were doing our best to support Lucy, as Lucy thinks we could have done more, we must therefore recognise this. For everything Lucy has suffered, we are extremely sorry."

The star is now calling for all production and broadcast companies to better consider employees' and participants' mental health - by setting aside a portion of their budgets to invest in mental wellbeing services.

"I don't want to destroy anything. I want to build a better infrastructure," she says.

"We need these shows, because there's a thriving community of talented people who just don't have the funds and the opportunity to get there."

X Factor's creator, Simon Cowell was not a judge in 2012 because he was in America launching X Factor US. Spraggan says she was ready to give him "a piece of my mind" when he called her, after she had contacted his people to say she was writing her book.

She says he said, "Lucy, before you or I say anything else, the first thing I need to tell you is that I am sorry."

Spraggan reflects: "It makes me emotional because no-one else said sorry. And all it took was this one man to treat me like a human being, 11 years later."

In 2021, Ofcom, the broadcast regulator, announced changes to its Broadcasting Code to better protect people made vulnerable by their participation in TV shows. The changes were introduced after suicides involving contestants from Love Island and The Jeremy Kyle Show in 2018 and 2019.

Earlier this year, the BBC and ITV announced they were joining forces to recruit more registered psychologists to support TV programmes in their duty of care to contributors.

"My voice is extremely inconvenient for a lot of people. I've been petrified of telling the truth, because I'll lose what I have," Spraggan says.

"If I have to be the first person who says 'I'm actually not scared to stand up against you [the industry]', I will. And hopefully it inspires other people to be a little bit braver too."

In a statement, ITV said it had "the deepest compassion for Lucy". It said the production companies, Fremantle and Syco, were primarily responsible for the duty of care towards all of its programme contributors.

But it added it "is committed to having in place… robust oversight procedures, to [ensure] that independent producers employ the correct processes to protect the mental health and welfare of participants".

The law aims to give protection for individuals around their sexuality and gender identity, among other protected characteristics

What do a sex shop, a mushroom farm and a "hate monster" have in common?

They're all at the heart of a blazing row about prejudice, offence and freedom of speech in Scotland.

A public information campaign highlighting the introduction on 1 April of the Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act has begun — and is itself controversial.

It includes a Police Scotland video featuring a character called the hate monster who gets "bigger and bigger, "till he's weighing ye doon."

"Then, before ye know it," the subtitled video goes on, "ye've committed a hate crime."

The video has been ridiculed on social media as patronising.

The former Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont described it on X, formerly Twitter, as "puerile," adding "the notion that hate is driven by economic disadvantage insults all who support their families and communities despite poverty."

"It ignores the hatred exercised by those who are financially secure," she added.

A cartoon "hate monster" in a public information campaign has itself become a source of controversy

Supporters of the new legislation say the row about the video is a distraction from what they regard as a serious and essential attempt to make Scotland a more tolerant society.

First Minister Humza Yousaf was the justice secretary who shepherded the Hate Crime bill through the Scottish Parliament, declaring at the time that it "sent a strong and clear message to victims, perpetrators, communities and to wider society that offences motivated by prejudice will be treated seriously and will not be tolerated."

The law criminalises threatening or abusive behaviour which is intended to stir up hatred against someone who possesses, or appears to possess, certain characteristics.

They are age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity and variations in sex characteristics sometimes known as being intersex.

Stirring up racial hatred by using threatening, abusive or insulting behaviour was already illegal under the Public Order Act 1986 and that remains the case under the new legislation.

The new law also provides for stiffer sentences for offenders convicted of crimes deemed to be "aggravated by prejudice," — in other words if they demonstrate malice or ill-will towards their victim based on the protected characteristics listed above, with the addition of a category for race, colour, nationality or ethnicity.

Controversially, the protected characteristics in the act do not include sex itself, an omission criticised by some feminist groups.

"This new law leaves women unprotected from hate crime," the Scottish National Party MP Joanna Cherry KC told me.

It would, she predicted, "be weaponised by trans rights activists to try to silence, and worse still, criminalise women who do not share their beliefs."

"There is no right not be offended," added Ms Cherry.

SNP MP Joanna Cherry said there was no right not to be offended

The Scottish government points out that it is preparing separate legislation relating to misogyny (hatred of women) after a review led by the human rights lawyer, Baroness Helena Kennedy KC.

But even some supporters of the new hate crime law as it stands have concerns, particularly about enforcement.

Police Scotland has pledged to investigate every hate crime complaint it receives, even though last week the force said it would no longer investigate every "low level" crime in Scotland, including some cases of theft.

David Kennedy, general secretary of the Scottish Police Federation, the union which represents rank-and-file officers, said it was "a recipe for disaster."

Officers "were only receiving a two-hour online training package," on the new legislation, he told Mornings on BBC Radio Scotland, adding "the police don't have time" to deal with a deluge of complaints.

"They can barely attend the calls that are in law at the moment never mind a new act coming in place," warned Mr Kennedy.

There are concerns around how the new law will be enforced by police

Police Scotland said in addition to the training package, it was offering an extensive programme of workshops "to allow officers to gain more understanding and ask any questions they may have."

The Scottish government insists its budget for next year "includes record police funding".

Nonetheless, concerns about police resources are shared by Roddy Dunlop KC, the dean of the Faculty of Advocates, which regulates senior lawyers in Scotland.

He said there was a danger of police being deluged by potentially trivial complaints made by people "who claim to have been insulted by something that's been said online."

Police Scotland said no officer was available to be interviewed by BBC News about its approach to the hate crime legislation but it issued a statement which said: "Hate crime can be verbal or physical and can take place anywhere, including online.

"We want everyone targeted by hate crime, or those who witness it, to have confidence to come forward.

"They can be assured they will be treated with dignity and respect, and that the circumstances they report will be fully investigated."

To help people do so, the force is promoting "third party reporting centres" where "victims or witnesses of hate crime" who don't feel comfortable going to the police can make an allegation.

Such sites have been in place for a decade. Libraries, charities and victim support services make up the vast bulk of them.

But the inclusion of places such as a mushroom farm in East Lothian and Luke and Jack's sex shop in Glasgow have raised eyebrows.

Luke and Jack's founders, who describe themselves as "passionate purveyors of pleasure products," robustly defended their inclusion in the network, insisting they were well placed to help with reporting crime.

The founders of a sex shop in Glasgow's Merchant City, Drew Bigglestone and Ian Diamond, believe it is a good choice for a third party reporting centre

Co-founder Ian Diamond said the nature of their business meant customers would often open up about intimate details of their lives.

"We're not actually taking any of the information ourselves," he explained, adding "we're just kind of handholding and making sure that the police are getting all the information that is necessary."

Ironically, publicity about the shop's role had led to a "disturbing" online backlash, he said, forcing the introduction of extra security measures for staff.

The Scottish government said no minister was available for interview.

In a statement it defended the use of third party reporting centres but also promised to set up a "short-life working group" to "re-evaluate the criteria of a third-party reporting centre, recording and maintenance of the scheme and how to improve support for centres and victims."

More generally, the looming introduction of the hate crime bill has reignited debate about the Scottish government's approach to issues of personal freedom.

In 2018, MSPs voted to repeal a controversial law introduced by the SNP which criminalised the "stirring up of hatred" against certain people or groups in relation to football matches, as well as outlawing certain "threatening communications".

The following year, SNP ministers abandoned attempts to appoint a named person to safeguard the welfare of every child in the country, after the UK Supreme Court criticised the plan as a breach of privacy.

MSPs made significant amendments to the current hate crime legislation when they were scrutinising the bill in parliament after lawyers, journalists and comedians raised concerns that it impinged on free speech.

Roddy Dunlop KC said the actual law was much improved from its original draft, in particular because freedom of expression was now "baked-in" to it.

However, he said, some "very understandable concerns" remained, and the Scottish state appeared to be more willing than it had been in previous times to interfere in people's private lives.

Mr Dunlop also said there was a danger of "completely malicious" complaints being recorded and retained by police, and urged the Scottish government to clarify how such data would be handled.

The UK government is grappling with similar issues as it discusses violence, hatred and intolerance in its attempt to define extremism.

But come April Fool's Day, many eyes will be on Scotland to see if it has managed to strike the right balance between authoritarianism and liberalism - and between freedom and safety - as it attempts to slay the "hate monster".

This article was amended to clarify the wording of the new legislation

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ukraine's leader said people's lives were at stake in the counter-offensive

President Volodymyr Zelensky has acknowledged battlefield progress has been "slower than desired", weeks into Ukraine's military offensive to recapture areas occupied by Russia.

"Some people believe this is a Hollywood movie and expect results now. It's not," he told the BBC.

Ukraine says its counter-offensive has reclaimed eight villages so far in the southern region of Zaporizhzhia and Donetsk to the east.

Mr Zelensky said the military push was not going easily because 200,000 sq km (77,220 sq miles) of Ukrainian territory had been mined by Russian forces.

"Whatever some might want, including attempts to pressure us, with all due respect, we will advance on the battlefield the way we deem best," Mr Zelensky added.

He reinforced the need for Ukraine to be given security guarantees from Nato but said ultimately the goal was membership of the defensive alliance.

Nato's secretary general made clear this week that no plan was on the table to issue an invitation to Ukraine at next month's summit in Lithuania.

"[Jens] Stoltenberg knows my position," the Ukrainian leader said "We've told them numerous times: 'Don't knock the ground from under our feet.'"

The Ukrainian leader again made the case for Ukraine to receive US-made F-16s and said he believed fighter pilots could start training as soon as August, and that the first jets could arrive in six or seven months' time.

Mr Zelensky was speaking to the BBC to mark a Ukraine Recovery Conference in London focusing on the role the private sector can play in rebuilding his country. He later spoke at the conference, along with UK PM Rishi Sunak.

Ukraine's economy shrank by 29.2% in 2022 and earlier this year the World Bank estimated the cost of reconstruction and recovery at $411bn (£339bn).

The Ukrainian leader told the BBC that the support he needed was not just for recovery but for transformation as well.

He said "quick steps" to be done immediately included finding places for people to live, rebuilding the destroyed Kakhovka dam and decentralising the energy network.

"But on the larger scale we are speaking about the transformation of Ukraine," he explained. "This is Ukraine not only with its energy and agriculture and industrial complexes, but with its reforms we can see."

He spoke of "the digitilisation of Ukraine" as well as judicial and anti-corruption reforms.

When I asked him what the endgame of the war looked like at this stage, he made clear that "victories on the battlefield are necessary" and that Ukraine would never sit down with whoever was president in Moscow, if Russia remained on Ukraine's territory.

"No matter how far we advance in our counter-offensive, we will not agree to a frozen conflict because that is war, that is a prospectless development for Ukraine."

Russia announced a few days ago that it had moved tactical nuclear weapons to Belarus and President Joe Biden has warned that the threat of Vladimir Putin using them is real.

So I asked Mr Zelensky if he was worried by that threat.

"Putin has been dangerous for us since 2014 when he occupied the first of our territories," he said.

"He will talk about the use of nuclear weapons, I don't think he is ready to do it because he is scared for his life, he loves it a lot. But there is no way I could say for sure, especially about a person with no ties to reality, who in the 21st Century, launched a full-scale war against their neighbour."

I also asked for his reaction to President Putin telling an international conference in St Petersburg last week that he was a disgrace to the Jewish people. Mr Zelensky lost many of his relatives in the Holocaust, including his grandfather, and it was clear that he was taken by surprise by the question.

He took a deep breath, put his head down and a few seconds later said he wasn't quite sure how to answer the question.

"It's like he doesn't fully understand his words. Apologies, but it's like he is the second king of antisemitism after Hitler.

"This is a president speaking. A civilised world cannot speak that way. But it was important for me to hear the reaction of the world and I am grateful for the support."

The CBI is suspending key activities until June after a number of firms quit the business group following allegations of rape and sexual assault.

Dozens of firms have announced they are leaving the group or pausing their membership after new allegations about misconduct at the organisation.

A second woman claimed she was raped by CBI colleagues in a Guardian article on Friday.

The CBI said it "shares the shock and revulsion" at the alleged events.

The board of the lobbying group said it wanted to talk to "colleagues, members, experts and stakeholders" to get their opinion on the CBI's future role and purpose.

"As a result, we have taken the difficult but necessary decision to suspend all policy and membership activity until an extraordinary general meeting in June," the board said in a statement.

The board will put forward proposals at that meeting "for a refocused CBI", it said, adding that "this work and the cultural reform will be the entire and urgent focus of the organisation over the coming weeks."

Despite membership operations being suspended until June, firms will still be free to quit if they choose, the BBC understands.

The City of London Police was investigating an alleged rape at a CBI summer party in 2019 before the Guardian reported the second incident.

Detective Chief Superintendent Richard Waight from the City of London Police said no arrests had been made and investigations were continuing, and asked anyone with information to get in touch.

The brewer Adnams is among the dozens of firms that left the CBI on Friday following the recent allegations.

Chief executive Andy Wood told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme the CBI brand was "beyond repair", and it would have to "reinvent itself root and branch".

He pointed to the CBI's role in helping to design the furlough scheme, which paid part of workers' wages during the pandemic, as one of its great successes.

But Adnams is a member of two industry-specific trade associations that can also speak on its behalf.

"It may be that there's a need for those trade associations and business groups to come together on an ad hoc basis, if we were ever faced with something like the pandemic or something that affects the whole of industry, but I do think that people like the British Beer and Pub Association or UK Hospitality do a great job. So let's see where that leads us."

Vice president of the CBI, Lord Karan Bilimoria, told the BBC he was determined to put things right following the allegations.

Speaking to the Today programme, he said "mistakes have been made", adding there will be a "complete review of the culture, one-to-one sessions with every employee in the organisation... So we reset completely and learn from all the mistakes".

Retailer John Lewis also quit the lobbying organisation, which claims to represent 190,000 companies.

John Lewis said it made the decision "due to the further very serious and ongoing allegations".

Other firms that have quit include: BMW, Virgin Media O2, Vodafone, insurers Aviva, Zurich and Phoenix Group, banking firm Natwest, credit card company Mastercard; B&Q owner Kingfisher; media firm ITV; insurance marketplace Lloyds of London; investment firm Schroders; auditor EY; catering giant Compass and consultants Accenture.

The Association of British Insurers has also left, as has Energy UK, which represents energy suppliers.

Several well-known firms have announced in recent days that they are quitting as members of the CBI

Organisations that have suspended membership include: pharmaceutical giants GSK and AstraZeneca; airports operator Heathrow; retailers Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, and Marks & Spencer; banking group Santander; National Grid, Octopus Energy and Scottish Power; drinks giant Diageo; Rolls Royce; Unilever; BT; property company British Land; accountancy giant PwC; Manpower Group; British Beer and Pub Association; Shell and BP; Nissan; Royal Mail; Uber; Facebook owner Meta; Paddy Power owner Flutter Entertainment; Nurofen maker Reckitt; and FTSE 100 hotel group IHG which owns Holiday Inn.

The government had already announced that it was pausing its engagement with the business group.

Last week the British Insurance Brokers' Association said it had withdrawn its membership "in light of recent reports".

The CBI - which employs more than 300 people - has been in crisis since allegations of a rape at one of its summer parties in 2019 and other sexual misconduct at the organisation emerged earlier this month.

Three employees have been suspended pending the outcome of an investigation by law firm Fox Williams.

The group's director-general was dismissed over separate complaints.

For nearly 60 years, the CBI has tried to project the image of business as a force for good.

It has lobbied government in the interests of member firms while promoting and sharing best practice among them.

But currently its future is in real doubt.

Until Friday, most membership-paying firms had said they would wait for the results of an independent investigation into allegations of misconduct at CBI events - including rape and drug use - before deciding their relationship with the organisation.

But a second allegation of rape in an overseas CBI office started a trickle that turned into a flood of businesses suspending or cancelling their membership.

The CBI has tried to move at pace, announcing it is fast-tracking the return of former chief economist Rain Newton-Smith to take up the post of director general.

But on Friday it acknowledged the gravity of the exodus and announced it would suspend all membership activity until an emergency general meeting in June.

It's unclear how much difference the findings of the Fox Williams report, expected early next week, will make to a shocked membership and a cautious government which has also suspended engagement.

And bear in mind, given the seriousness of the allegations, the police have started their own investigation and it is not a given that members - or indeed the government - will re-engage with a criminal investigation hanging over some employees.

Make no mistake, the future of an organisation which has described itself as "the voice of business" in the UK is in serious doubt this weekend.

A source close to employees at the CBI said the crisis of the past few weeks had taken an "emotional toll" on staff.

"At first there was relief that people were talking about it," the source said. "It felt as though taking it public was holding management to account."

"But now, as darker allegations have come out, this has been hard on the staff."

The source said there had been "an avalanche" of members resigning and that staff are concerned about their jobs.

"They're worried about whether the business will still be here tomorrow," the source said.

Staff will continue to work and be paid as normal until at least June, the BBC understands.

If you work or have worked at the CBI and wish to share your experience, contact the BBC in confidence by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The focus in Kyiv in recent days has been the impact of the Wagner mercenary group's rebellion on the war

Attention in the Ukrainian capital has been fixed squarely on the mutiny of the Wagner Group, its leader Yevgeny Prigozhin, and its consequences for Vladimir Putin and the conduct of the war in Ukraine.

The drama over the border in Russia has hardened the view in Kyiv that Mr Putin's time as Russia's president is coming to an end.

"I think the countdown has started," said Andriy Yermak, President Zelensky's closest adviser.

At a briefing in Kyiv, he looked back to the year that Russia first invaded Ukraine, annexing the Crimean Peninsula.

"What Ukraine has seen since 2014 has become evident for the entire world," said Mr Yermak.

"This [Russia] is a terrorist country whose leader is an inadequate person who has lost connection with reality. The world must conclude that it's impossible to have any kind of serious relationship with that country."

Senior Ukrainian officials who spoke to the BBC here in Kyiv all argued that President Putin could not ride out a catastrophic loss of authority.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The day Wagner chief went rogue... in 96 seconds

It started, they said, with his disastrous decision to mount a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February last year. The Wagner mutiny, and Mr Prigozhin's denunciation of the Kremlin's justifications for the war have, they said, removed what remained of Mr Putin's chances of hanging on.

"The Putin regime" one of them insisted, "cannot be saved."

It is vital to remember that anything Ukrainians, especially the ones running the country, say about their Russian enemies comes in the heat of a fight that they see, correctly, as a struggle for national survival.

The Ukrainians have fought a clever media war, and they are remarkably consistent in the messages that they deliver to their own people and their Western allies, as well as their enemies in Moscow.

Wishful thinking must play a part in the assessments they share with journalists.

But it is still worth spending time getting their views of the crisis that has engulfed the presidency of their mortal enemy Vladimir Putin.

Without doubt, he is facing the most serious challenge to his authority since he first became president in 2000.

Other senior officials in Kyiv say they are convinced that Mr Putin is opposed by informal but organised networks of disenchanted insiders.

In his office, Oleksiy Danilov, the secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council, told the BBC that "Prigozhin is not the most senior. They might become the new political elite".

Mr Danilov said they included security forces, officials and representatives of Russia's oligarchs, who believe that Mr Putin's decision to launch a full invasion of Ukraine in February last year has been a personal disaster for them as well as a threat to Russia.

Mr Danilov, a man in his early sixties wearing a black military-style outfit with his surname on a badge on his chest, bristled for a moment when I asked if he had proof to back up his analysis.

"I'm not speculating," he insisted. "We know who these people are, we know about their lives."

Mykhailo Podolyak said the Wagner mutiny did not last long enough to influence the fighting

Mykhailo Podolyak, another close adviser to President Zelensky, agreed there were "several groups of people who want to take power in Russia".

The system Mr Putin built, top-down and authoritarian, was, he claimed, being replaced by a near vacuum at the centre of power.

Another senior official, who spoke on condition he was not named, went further, suggesting that President Putin would be forced to dismiss his Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Chief of Staff General Valery Gerasimov, perhaps as a response to another military setback.

Firing the two men was a key demand of Yevgeny Prigozhin and his Wagner mutineers.

"Prigozhin will get what he wanted," the official predicted. "His political life is not finished. He won't stay in exile in Belarus."

As for Ukraine's offensive, Mr Podolyak said the Wagner mutiny did not last long enough to influence the fighting along a front of 1,800 kilometres, the longest - he said - in any war since 1945.

It is clear to the most dispassionate observer of the war that Ukraine is having to fight very hard, and take casualties in troops and equipment, including the armour supplied by Nato.

When I asked the official who wanted to remain anonymous about recent tactical gains in the east, including a handful of small villages, he lifted his hand with his finger and thumb pinching the air perhaps half an inch apart.

His message was that progress has been slow, painful and limited, though he expressed hope that might change.

Senior Ukrainians are still doing their best to manage expectations about the summer offensive. They believe some of their Western allies, as well as supporters in the media, have become over-excited about Ukraine's army and its Nato equipment.

Some Ukrainian officials acknowledged the fear that gives Western leaders sleepless nights, that a public collapse of President Putin's regime might lead to real danger as his would-be successors jockey for power in a state with the world's biggest arsenal of nuclear weapons.

That prospect is sure to be high on the agenda of the Nato summit, due to meet in Lithuania next month.

President Zelensky and his advisers want the summit to give them a firm and unequivocal path to Nato membership. They believe the best answer to the instability in Russia is to present an iron wall to Moscow.

But the uncertainty surrounding President Putin and his regime, almost a year and a half into a disastrous war and after the Wagner drama, might feed the anxiety of those Nato countries who would prefer the war to end around the negotiating table, not on the battlefield.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The inquiry heard Derek Roan was a respected member of the farming community

An attack by a cow that had recently given birth resulted in the death of a farmer in the south of Scotland, an inquiry has concluded.

Derek Roan, 71, had tried to move the 550kg (1,200lbs) Galloway beef cow with her calf back to the main herd.

He died of severe chest trauma after the accident at Barnbarroch Farm near Dalbeattie in June last year.

Sheriff Joanna McDonald concluded there were no reasonable precautions that could have avoided Mr Roan's death.

There were also no defects found in working systems.

An inquiry was held at Dumfries Sheriff Court into the accident on the family-owned farm on 19 June 2022.

The family had featured on BBC Two's This Farming Life. They run two dairy farms and a milk delivery business.

Mr Roan was described as an "experienced stockman" and the risks associated with cattle-handing "would have been well known to him".

He had lived and worked at Barnbarroch his entire life and ran it in partnership with his wife and two sons.

Derek Roan died in hospital following the accident at Barnbarroch Farm

On the day of the accident he had planned to move the cow and its calf.

At about 16:00 his son saw his father's quad bike in a field and assumed he was working nearby.

About half an hour later he found Mr Roan lying on his side with injuries to his face and an ambulance was called.

Mr Roan was taken to Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary but later died.

The hearing was told that his injuries were so severe, it would not have significantly improved his chance of survival had he been found any sooner.

His son told the inquiry that he believed the cow had felt threatened and attacked his father.

Sheriff McDonald said Mr Roan had been a "respected member of the farming community both locally and nationally".

In delivering her determination, she extended her condolences to his family.

Water companies are likely to seek higher bills from 2025 to cover the cost of improving services, the boss of regulator Ofwat has said.

It comes after the biggest suppliers have been severely criticised for their records on sewage spills and plugging leaks.

Many are also heavily in debt, with Thames Water currently at risk of being taken over by the government.

Ofwat boss David Black denied it had failed to regulate the industry well.

But he admitted there were "hard lessons to learn" and that he had been "angered" by excessive chief executive pay in the industry.

Despite the criticism, Mr Black told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that customer bills were likely to rise as companies tried to improve.

"We expect companies will request increases in bills at the next price review to fund large investment programmes, and those programmes will deliver improvements to the environment."

Former environment secretary George Eustice said last Wednesday bills were set to rise again in 2025 by about £42 per household on average over a "long time frame".

It followed a report in the Times newspaper that increases could be as much as 40%, a figure Mr Eustice dismissed, saying it would be "far lower".

Water UK, which represents suppliers, told the BBC that any rises would be a matter for the regulator.

Campaign group Surfers Against Sewage said it would be a disgrace if water firms raised bills.

It said consumers should not "bear the burden of water company mismanagement".

"We've been paying water companies for decades to deliver on environmental services, yet they have continued to siphon these funds into shareholder's pockets."

Last week it emerged that Thames Water was struggling to raise the money it needs to service its huge £14bn debt pile.

The firm, which supplies a quarter of the UK population, has faced heavy criticism over sewage discharges and leaks and is under pressure to improve services.

If Thames cannot raise the money it could be put into a "special administration regime" - where it would be temporarily re-nationalised - although Mr Black said this remained a "backstop option" and "we're still a long way from that".

He said Thames had until the "early part of next year" to find the money and currently had £4.2bn cash reserves.

Asked if customers would have to pick up the tab if the company went bust, he responded: "No."

An Ofwat spokesperson later told the BBC that there are no similarities with the collapse of Bulb - the energy company which went under last year costing the taxpayer millions.

"This is not a Bulb moment, there is no switch on, switch off here," they said.

Last week Health Minister Neil O'Brien also sought to assuage concerns about the potential impact on customers, but the influential business select committee warned taxpayers could still be hit.

Labour MP Darren Jones told the BBC that if the government was forced to take over the running of Thames Water, "taxpayers will be exposed to the debt and running costs of a very large company".

Ofwat says it is still waiting to see how Thames Water plans to fix its finances and that the company needs to raise "substantial" sums. Talks are ongoing to try to secure the extra funding.

Commenting on claims the regulator had failed to stop big water firms getting into debt, Mr Black said that suppliers were responsible for their financial structures, not Ofwat, which was tasked with protecting customers.

Water companies across England and Wales need to submit their business plans for 2025-2030 to Ofwat by 2 October. These include their planned improvement works for the period.

The regulator will then issue guidance on how they should set bills early next year.

Industry body Water UK announces the planned price increases annually, usually in February, Ofwat said.

Last updated on .From the section Rugby Union

Northampton Saints will host the Bulls in the Investec Champions Cup quarter-finals, which also feature a rematch of the past two finals.

Saints impressed in an exhilarating 24-14 win over Munster, with Leinster comfortably beating Leicester Tigers.

La Rochelle, who beat Leinster in those two finals, face the Irish side again after winning away at the Stormers.

Harlequins will travel to Bordeaux and Exeter Chiefs face a difficult away trip to five-time winners Toulouse.

Leo Cullen's Leinster have suffered agonising back-to-back final defeats against La Rochelle, but they did clinch a pool-stage victory against Ronan O'Gara's side in the opening game of this year's tournament.

This is the fifth time in four seasons the sides have met in the competition.

"It's a great challenge, isn't it?" Cullen said. "We have seen plenty of each other over the last couple of seasons. That's what you want. You want to be testing yourself against the best teams that are out there.

"La Rochelle have obviously won the tournament and beat us in two finals. We managed to get a win against them in round one this year, but it's two good teams going at it."

Bulls remain the only South African side left in the competition after hammering Lyon 59-19 in Pretoria, and are in the last eight for the first time.

Quins' first knockout win in Europe's top-tier competition in their history against Glasgow results in a daunting trip to Bordeaux Begles, who hammered Saracens 45-12 in France on Saturday.

Exeter, who reached the semi-finals last season, produced a strong second-half performance to see off fellow Premiership side Bath 21-15 at Sandy Park.

Antoine Dupont's Toulouse came into the knockout stages as the number-one seeds after winning all four pool games, andscored five tries in a 31-7 win over Racing 92 on Sunday.

The semi-finals could see an all-English or all-French contest, with the winner of Toulouse against Exeter facing Bordeaux Begles or Harlequins.

Toulouse, as number-one seed, will have a home semi-final if they defeat Rob Baxter's side. Victory for Exeter and a win for Bordeaux would still mean another away tie in France for the Chiefs.

If both English sides win then Quins would host Exeter.

On the other side of the draw, if Northampton overcome Bulls they will face one of last year's finalists in Leinster or La Rochelle.

If La Rochelle win, the Saints will have a home draw, but if Leinster win, Northampton would face a trip to Dublin in the semi-finals.

While three Premiership clubs making the last eight is a reason to celebrate for English rugby, in reality both Harlequins and Exeter face daunting tasks against mighty French opposition - although both did win impressively in France earlier in the season.

With a home tie against the hemisphere-traversing Bulls, Northampton have by far the best chance of the three of reaching a semi-final, and with the win against Munster coming off the back of vanquishing Saracens, the Saints have Franklin's Gardens bouncing.

As ever, Antoine Dupont's Toulouse remain a team to watch, and will have "home country advantage" if they get past Exeter - although Bordeaux will provide formidable last-four opposition if both get there.

Leinster could again find themselves in a final without leaving Dublin. But Leinster supporters will fear La Rochelle, who have won the last two finals, and showed huge resilience to win in Cape Town this weekend - a very impressive achievement given the logistical challenges.

Samantha Mulcahy (left) and Kimberley Sampson died weeks apart after being operated on by the same surgeon

A coroner has criticised an NHS trust after the deaths of two mothers from herpes and said antiviral drugs should have been given sooner in one case.

Kim Sampson, 29, and Samantha Mulcahy, 32, died six weeks apart in 2018 after having Caesarean sections in hospitals run by East Kent Hospitals trust.

A coroner found that a surgeon who had operated on both women was unlikely to have been the source of the infection.

She said this was in part because the NHS trust had never tested him.

The same obstetrician carried out their Caesareans seven weeks apart, the inquest has heard.

Mid Kent and Medway coroner, Catherine Wood told the inquest in Maidstone: "There is no evidence at all... that one member of the team infected both mothers."

However, she noted the doctor and another member of the team who treated both mothers were never tested for the virus.

Ms Sampson's baby boy was delivered at the Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital in Margate in May 2018. In July that year, first-time mother Ms Mulcahy died from an infection caused by the same virus at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford.

Both women had their babies delivered at hospitals run by the East Kent NHS trust

Ms Woods said that when, Ms Sampson's condition was not responding to antibiotics, the possibility of a viral infection should have been considered earlier.

When Ms Mulcahy became ill six weeks later, medical teams were aware of Ms Sampson's death but did not start antiviral treatment at an early stage because the cause of her symptoms were not clear.

The inquest has heard how Ms Sampson needed a blood transfusion because of injuries sustained during the operation. After two days, she asked to be discharged with her baby and went home with her mother despite being in a lot of pain.

Her condition deteriorated and she was readmitted to the maternity ward a few days later. Doctors thought she was suffering from bacterial sepsis, a potentially very serious condition, and treated her with antibiotics.

She was transferred to King's College Hospital in south London but her condition did not improve and she died on 22 May.

Ms Mulcahy had her baby by Caesarean section on 26 June and developed a fever the following day - she was given antibiotics but did not improve.

Doctors again thought she was suffering from sepsis and on 30 June she was transferred to intensive care, but medical teams were unable to save her and she died on the morning of 4 July.

Ms Mulcahy's mother Nicola Foster said members of the trust had behaved as if they were untouchable

The coroner said deaths from herpes were incredibly rare. The virus, HSV-1 or herpes simplex is a common infection that can cause sores around the mouth or genitals, but if contracted after giving birth, it is "a potentially fatal disease" Ms Woods said.

She said she would be writing to the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology to highlight the dangers of the condition in new mothers.

She subsequently ruled out conclusions of unlawful killing and neglect, which lawyers for the women's families had argued for. The coroner is expected to give narrative conclusions for both Ms Sampson and Ms Mulcahy on 26 July.

Speaking after the inquest, Ms Mulcahy's mother, Nicola Foster, said: "The trust have been untruthful, dismissive, and members of the trust staff, including surgeons, doctors have behaved arrogantly, defensively, as if they are untouchable.

"Both families will always believe that the deaths of Kim and Sam were because of something they acquired whilst in hospital and we have no reason to believe otherwise."

Yvette Sampson said her five-year fight for answers had left her unable to grieve

Ms Sampson's mother Yvette said her fight for answers, which has now been going on for five years, has left her unable to grieve properly.

She said: "It's consumed my life… It's been emotionally draining. It's changed me as a person. I'm a lot less trusting and still find it hard to comprehend how the hospital trust has acted in the way it has."

A spokeswoman for East Kent Hospitals NHS said: "We would like to express our sincere condolences to the families of Samantha Mulcahy and Kimberley Sampson. We are unable to comment further until the inquest has concluded."

In March, the coroner accepted an application from the NHS trust to give anonymity to the surgeon common to both cases.

The surgeon who operated on both women, who could not be named for legal reasons, previously told the hearing his hands were fully scrubbed, double gloved and he was wearing a mask during both procedures. He also said he had no lesions and was not infected but had not been tested for the virus.

Ms Wood adjourned her decision over the anonymity until the hearing on 26 July.

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

School-leavers are choosing computing courses in record numbers, according to the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS).

This year's application data showed 18-year-olds were increasingly inspired to study computing "thanks to the rise of digital and AI", UCAS chief executive Clare Marchant said.

Applications to study computing were up almost 10% compared to 2022.

However, it was only the seventh most popular area of higher education study.

While nearly 95,000 students applied for courses in computer and AI related courses, almost twice that number applied to study business and management. More than 125,000 applied for design, creative and performing arts courses.

Subjects allied to medicine, social sciences, biological and sports sciences, and engineering and technology were all more popular than computing.

However, the numbers applying for computer-related courses have risen every year since 2019, UCAS said.

This year software engineering saw the steepest rise in applications, up 16% compared to last year. Computer science attracted 11% more applicants. There was a 2% rise in students applying to study computer games and animation, and 4% in artificial intelligence (AI).

The increased interest in computing courses may in part be down to a growing public conversation around technology and artificial intelligence, Ms Marchant said.

"We know that changes in the world around us translate into increased demand for certain courses, as we saw for economics post-2008, and for medicine and nursing during the Covid-19 pandemic," she said.

Chris Derrick, deputy headteacher at Kelvinside Academy in Glasgow said pupils applying for computing courses now were all "digital natives" who have "honed and developed these skills from a young age using powerful tech every day".

"Programming knowledge is also so accessible via YouTube and ChatGPT," he said.

"Pupils can explore their passions and learn at pace. If they don't have an answer, Google and YouTube will," he said.

While much of the public discussion recently has been around which jobs will be replaced by AI, there are also a growing number of employment opportunities related to AI, data science, software design and computing technologies.

There was also an increase in the number of applications by UK 18-year-olds from the most disadvantaged backgrounds, UCAS said.

However, computing remains a male-dominated subject, with only 18% of applications for computer-related studies coming from female students, up slightly, from 17% in 2022 and 16% in 2021.

The total number of UK 18-year-old applicants was over 319,500, the second highest it has been, a slight decrease on last year.

Rashik Parmar, chief executive of BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT said: "Teenagers in the UK know that AI will change the world forever; it shouldn't surprise us to see this soaring demand for computing degrees".

Vanessa Wilson from the University Alliance - an association of British universities - agreed that greater public interest in AI in recent months might have contributed to more interest from applicants.

"The rise in the popularity of computing may well be a response to increasing awareness of the role of technologies such as AI, as well as a strong desire from students to develop what they see as future-proof skills," she said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Martin has battled against illness and injury to walk again at the age of 86

Two years ago doctors told Martin Birkhans he would never walk again after contracting an infection in his spine.

The 86-year-old had survived a 50:50 chance of dying from sepsis and pneumonia and was also recovering from a broken hip.

But after working tirelessly with physios, the Edinburgh grandfather can now walk again and is even able to climb stairs.

Martin said his personal best was now 12 laps of the track in the garden of the Cramond Residence nursing home in Edinburgh - a distance of 700 metres.

"I was in a sad physical state when I arrived here," he told BBC Scotland.

"The doctors at the hospital had said they could not do any more for me. They said I would never stand and never walk.

"They said I would be incontinent for life too, it was the most devastating news you could ever cook up, just dreadful. I was given zero hope."

Martin Birkhans says he is happy to have his life back

Physios had helped his late wife, the author Joan Lingard, who had dementia. So when his daughters were choosing a nursing home for him, they picked the one that had a physiotherapy package.

And when physio Nicola McIntosh noticed that Martin had slight movement in his body, she decided to get him to a standing position.

Martin had not thought it would be possible - but she was able to get him onto his feet with the help of the hoist and other physios.

"It was very elementary standing, but I was on my feet. It was crazy. Then we took it from there."

Over the months his nerves started to repair and he built up the strength in his muscles.

Martin can now climb up and down stairs

"One would be behind me with the wheelchair and the other on her knees in front of me managing my feet. When someone does that for you, you had better respond.

"If they had said jump out of the window I would have done it. I had total faith."

After a year he was able to walk down the corridor outside his room.

Then he progressed to the lift, then the stairs, the gym and the garden.

"Up until two weeks ago I had to do these things with someone, but now I can do it myself, I have the run of the place," he said.

He has now been able to go on holiday to his daughter's house in Kingussie. He is no longer incontinent and does not need to take the dozens of pills he was on each day.

Martin Birkhans with his wife Joan and children

The former architect was born in Latvia, where he lived until he was seven. He then spent two years in refugee camps in Germany until his family left for Canada.

"I know all about walking along dusty roads dodging bullets," said Martin, who moved to Scotland when he was 30.

"Canada was great. I was an athlete so I was perfect for the outdoor life there.

"So when I found myself bedbound I wasn't filled with happiness.

"I lay there thinking I don't believe it, my life had changed so extremely."

Martin can now stand unaided while he brushes his teeth, although he needs a walker for support when he moves.

Martin cared for his wife, Joan, for eight years at their house in Edinburgh while she had dementia

"I was on a fierce programme to learn to stand without support of my hands," he said.

"I'm allowed to walk without people watching me now. I feel emancipated.

"I can go for lunch with my daughter as I can now get in and out of the car, and I've just been on holiday.

"I would like to visit my sisters in Toronto so we'll see if I can ever make it on a plane."

Eileen Crawford, a charge nurse at Cramond Residence, said Martin could not walk when she first met him.

"He never gave up. I have never seen anyone with determination like this, he needs a medal," she said.

Martin can do 12 laps of a track at his nursing home - the equivalent of 700 metres

Benedicte Aarseth, a physio from Balanced Edinburgh, has been treating Martin. She said her colleague Nicola had noticed that he had more movement than was described in the discharge letter from the hospital.

"She realised he was starting to heal so could be pushed a bit more. A big part of it is how motivated he is.

"People in rehab normally plateaux but Martin is still continuing to climb and managing to have new achievements.

"We are not going to stop until he tells us."

She said that he may one day be able to walk with a stick instead of the walker.

Martin uses a cycling machine for 20 minutes every day

"He is the most successful client I've ever had - his transformation is incredible," added Benedicte.

"For an 86-year-old's quality of life to still be improving is amazing.

"He could have been in a full body hoist for the rest of his life if someone didn't pick up on the ability he had."

Martin said he would continue to work on his walking distance record.

"I'm in love with trying to improve myself and in love with my physios," he added.

"The value of all carers is underestimated as they make a huge difference to our lives."
• None 'I was told I would never walk again' Video, 00:01:17'I was told I would never walk again'

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

California's governor had blocked previous bids to release Leslie Van Houten (right)

Leslie Van Houten, a former follower of notorious cult leader Charles Manson, has been released on parole after serving more than five decades of a life sentence for two brutal murders.

Van Houten, 73, was a 19-year old member of the "Manson family" when she took part in the murder of a Los Angeles grocer and his wife in 1969.

Five previous bids for her parole were blocked by California's governors.

That decision was later reversed by a state appeals court.

A former homecoming queen, Van Houten was the youngest Manson follower to be convicted of murder for her role in the death of a California grocer Leno LaBianca and his wife Rosemary.

During the killings - which took place just days after the murder of actress Sharon Tate and four others - Van Houten held down Rosemary LaBianca while someone else stabbed her. She later also admitted that she stabbed the woman after she was dead.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Van Houten's lawyer, Nancy Tetreault, told the BBC that she left a women's prison in California early on Tuesday morning and was likely to be on parole for three years.

"She had a long job of detaching herself from the cult mentality and accepting responsibility for her crimes" Ms Tetreault said. "It took her a long time. She had decades of therapy. So she felt guilt and deep remorse."

Charles Manson, considered one of America's most notorious cult leaders, directed his followers to commit nine murders and hoped the killings would start a race war, called "Helter Skelter" after a famous song by the Beatles. He died in prison in 2017.

Following her life sentence, Van Houten earned both a bachelors and masters degree while in prison, where she also worked as a tutor for other inmates.

After being denied parole dozens of times during her incarceration, Van Houten was finally recommended for parole in 2016. But the recommendations were rejected by California Governor Gavin Newsom and his predecessor, Jerry Brown.

The last time she was blocked from parole, in 2020, was ultimately overruled by a California appeals court.

On 8 July, however, Mr Newsom said that he would not block her parole this time, paving the way for her release on Tuesday.

In a statement last week, the governor said he remained disappointed at her release, which he said was unlikely to be heard by California's Supreme Court if the legal battle continued.

"More than 50 years after the Manson cult committed these brutal killings, the victims' families still feel the impact," the statement said.

Leslie Van Houten (right) was the youngest Manson follower to be convicted of murder for her role in the death of Leno LaBianca

Now out of prison, Van Houten is expected to spend about a year at a halfway house, where her lawyer said she would need to learn to navigate a reality much different to when she first was put behind bars.

"She has to learn to use the internet. She has to learn to buy things without cash," Ms Tetreault told the AP. "It's a very different world than when she went in."

In repeated parole hearings, Van Houten expressed regret for her role in the killings and involvement with Manson, later acknowledging that she had let him overpower her "individual thinking".

"I bought into it lock, stock and barrel," she said of his beliefs in a 2002 parole hearing. "I took it at face value".

A boy has been sentenced to detention for life for stabbing a girl he had been dating seven times in the neck.

The 16-year-old girl was attacked on grassland in Benhall near Saxmundham, Suffolk, on 2 October, but survived.

She was found by a dog walker four hours later and has been left mostly paralysed from the neck down.

Alex Tye, 17, admitted attempted murder in January and was handed a minimum term of 12-and-a-half years in prison at Ipswich Crown Court.

In a video statement, the victim said: "If I had died he would have won."

The judge lifted reporting restrictions to allow Tye, of Low Road in Friston, to be named, due to the serious nature of the crime.

The court heard Tye stabbed the teenager, who he had been secretly dating, after his girlfriend broke up with him when she found out about the relationship.

Tye told the ex-girlfriend the victim was "meaningless" to him, the court heard, and had sent her a message saying "I would kill to get you back" after the pair split.

It was then told he had messaged the victim and arranged to meet her at night in a park.

The victim had jokingly asked Tye, "You are not going to stab and kill me?", when she received the unexpected invitation.

The girl was discovered by a dog walker about four hours after being stabbed seven times

The pair chatted on a bench for more than an hour and kissed, before Tye stabbed her in the back of the neck as they were leaving the park.

The court heard the victim survived by "pure chance" and she was in rehabilitation to try to get back as much movement as possible.

It was told the girl pretended to be dead after the attack and did not scream until Tye had driven away from the scene.

She was unable to move and was discovered by a dog walker, who then called the emergency services.

The court was told Tye had researched which parts of the body were the worst to be stabbed and how long it took someone to die of a stab wound, several weeks before the attack.

The teenager had also admitted possession of a bladed article earlier this year.

The defendant was handed a minimum term of 12-and-a-half years in prison at Ipswich Crown Court

In a video statement recorded for the court, the victim said: "Often what happened does not feel real. Sometimes it feels like I am in a movie.

"Sometimes it feels like a camera will fall out of the sky and I will be in a reality TV show.

"I was so scared. I did not want him to win. If I had died he would have won."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Pentagon will change its security policies after a review into a big leak of classified files found officials struggled to keep up with the number of staff who had top secret access.

New measures include the appointment of officers to control the level of access to top secret data and installing systems to detect electronic devices.

It follows the unauthorised publication of dozens of classified files online.

Ex-airman Jack Teixeira, 21, is charged with leaking files, which he denies.

The results of a 45-day review of Pentagon policies and procedures, ordered by US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin in the wake of the leak, suggested the need to increase oversight for those trusted with classified national security information.

A senior defence official suggested to reporters at a briefing that Pentagon security protocols had struggled to keep pace with the growth in the number of cleared personnel and the number of facilities where secret files are accessed.

While some existing policies will be reinforced, others will be updated and new rules developed to address existing gaps, the defence department said.

The review concluded there was no "single point of failure" in the military's procedures, and said the overwhelming majority of staff with access comply with security policies and procedures.

But it recommended the defence department increase its spending on security measures, create a new office for insider threats, and increase the number of staff overseeing the handling of classified documents.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The review suggested tightening security measures to prevent the use of electronic devices inside rooms where classified data is held and where confidential information or images could be photographed or recorded.

Mr Teixeira, who is in prison awaiting trial after being arrested in April, allegedly leaked files on the online chatroom platform Discord, a popular hangout for gamers.

According to prosecutors, Mr Teixeira wrote versions of sensitive information and posted it to the chatroom. Later, he is said to have shared photos of US intelligence material after he grew frustrated with a lack of response from the group's users.

Mr Teixeira, a former member of the Air National Guard 102nd Intelligence Wing based in Massachusetts, faces up to 15 years in prison over charges of unauthorised transmission of defence information.

He pleaded not guilty to six federal counts of wilful retention and transmission of national defence information in June.

Massie was confronted by Mr Yule in his home in Forfar

A serial criminal has been jailed for at least 20 years after he admitted beating and stabbing a 90-year-old doctor to death in his Forfar home.

Alan Massie entered William Yule's house to steal his car keys, but was confronted by the pensioner.

Dr Yule fought back before being stabbed in the neck, puncturing his jugular vein.

Judge Lord Fairley told Massie the attack showed "a level of evil that is almost beyond comprehension".

The court was told that Massie was on bail and had already entered two other nearby houses with intent to steal in the hours before the murder.

Advocate depute Graeme Jessop said Massie had entered Dr Yule's house at about 11:24 on 6 December.

He said that Dr Yule's community alarm had issued an alert. The operator had spoken to a man who claimed he was Dr Yule's grandson and the alarm had been triggered by mistake.

The call had continued to record and groaning and banging were heard in the background.

Mr Jessop said that about 13:00 a cleaner had seen Massie in Dr Yule's driveway, and he had claimed to be his grandson, which she knew was false.

The cleaner subsequently discovered Dr Yule's body in his ransacked kitchen, and called 999.

A post-mortem examination showed that Dr Yule had been stabbed four times, once in the neck.

His hands showed signs of defensive injuries, indicating he had struggled with Massie.

Massie later told police: "Wait 'til you see the pictures of the guy I just killed, it's not a pretty sight."

Mark Stewart KC, defending, said: "There is nothing that can be said that offers any explanation for what he has done or provides any comfort to the family.

"He apologises, for what it's worth."

Lord Fairley told Massie the attack was "as brutal as it was cowardly."

He added: "The level of evil of your actions is almost beyond comprehension.

"Your incarceration will make a substantial improvement to our society."

Dr Yule grew up in Moray and worked as a doctor in the Royal Navy before working for a short time on Shetland.

In 1968, he moved to Forfar with his wife Kirsty, where he served as a GP until he retired in 1992.

Following his retirement, Dr Yule went on to become an author, publishing two books. He also wrote a number of research papers and was published by the Lancet and other medical journals.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Black foxes are a rare sight in the UK

A rare black fox has been seen roaming towns in a Welsh county, with locals urged to help catch it.

Also known as silver foxes, they are not native to the wild in the UK, but domesticated and kept as exotic pets.

People in Barry and Sully in Vale of Glamorgan have seen what appears to be one of them.

RSPCA Cymru said even the most experienced fox experts have had difficulty keeping adult foxes and does not advise it.

In North America, about 10% of foxes are black, with the rest a mixture of colours, such as red.

Some people will breed only black litters to make totally black foxes, and there are currently no restrictions in the UK on breeding or owning them.

Lorraine Moores spotted the fox on The Spinney Park, in Sully, on Sunday morning.

"I came outside with the dog, and this fox was sat there between my cabin and the caravan next door," she said.

"I presumed it had been there all night."

What is believed to be the same fox has also been spotted in Barry.

Hayley de Ronde, from the organisations Black Foxes UK, said managing the animals was "difficult".

The black fox has also been spotted wandering near the docks in Barry

She said because black foxes are domesticated animals, the local animal warden and council are not responsible for the capture of it.

But between herself, a local cat rescue centre and Vale of Glamorgan council's animal warden, she said there is a plan in place to capture it.

"We hope to try and set a humane trap," she said.

"We have a temporary holding home lined up for it once it is caught."

Ms De Ronde advised members of the public not to chase the fox if they see it, as it is likely to be "quite stressed".

RSPCA Cymru said it is aware of the sightings and "hope this fox is okay".

"Silver foxes are the same species as the red foxes we have living wild in the UK but with different colouration," a spokesperson said.

"Traditionally, they were bred for their fur but are now sometimes kept as exotic pets.

"Foxes are wild animals with very specific needs that are no different to those of foxes living in the wild and they require specialist care."

The spokesperson urged any prospective owner to fully research an animal's needs, adding: "Exotic pets can live a long time, grow to a large size and need to be taken to an exotics vet if they become ill, which can be expensive."

Andrew Malkinson was cleared by senior Court of Appeal judges on Wednesday

A senior Conservative MP has urged ministers to change prison compensation rules after it emerged a man who wrongly spent 17 years in jail may have money deducted from his payout.

Andrew Malkinson, 57, was cleared of a rape he did not commit. He called the current rules "kind of sick".

Under existing rules, savings made on living costs while in prison can be deducted from compensation.

Sir Bob Neill said: "Any fair-minded person thinks this is just wrong."

The government has no plans for any changes but keeps all laws under review.

The rules date back to a decision made in 2007 by the House of Lords.

It said that money could be deducted from compensation for "saved living expenses". This refers to costs the prisoner would have incurred if they had not been locked up, such as food and accommodation, according to a House of Commons briefing paper.

Sir Bob, who is chairman of the Justice Select Committee, said that at the time the decision was made, it was thought that taxpayers would be offended at paying money to someone who was freed on a technicality.

He said Mr Malkinson, however, was not cleared on a technicality, but on DNA evidence.

"This was a serious miscarriage of justice," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

"It's clearly not right that somebody who was deprived of their liberty, because of the failures of the state and its institutions for a number of years, then should pay the state or be obliged to give some money back to the state, for the privilege of having been wrongly incarcerated.

"That surely offends any any kind of sense of justice," he added.

He said he would like ministers to change the rules to protect those wrongly convicted from paying such costs.

"The sums involved are trivial in the overall scheme of things," he said.

The maximum payment in cases where someone has been in jail for more than 10 years is £1m.

A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: "This was a deeply troubling case and we recognise the pain of any individual punished for a crime they did not commit - which is why we continue to support the work of the independent Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC).

"It is only right victims of miscarriages of justice can apply for compensation and that all requests are properly assessed independent of government."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Andrew Malkinson speaks to Radio 4's Today programme about his first night of freedom

In 1997, convictions against cousins Vincent and Michael Hickey for the murder of Carl Bridgewater at a farm near Stourbridge in 1978 were found to be fundamentally flawed.

Michael Hickey was subsequently awarded £1.02m and Vincent Hickey £550,000 but, in each case, a 25% deduction was made from the part of their compensation that reflected loss of earnings while in prison.

This was because of living expenses they did not have to pay while in prison.

On the programme, criminal defence lawyer Matthew Ryder KC described the difficulties of getting the Court of Appeal to consider cases of possible wrongful conviction.

He said two Parliamentary committees had found the CCRC needed to be "less hesitant" about referring cases to the Court of Appeal.

"We've got to get ourselves in a position where if there's a risk of injustice, a risk of someone like an innocent man staying in custody for a very long time when their cases should be considered, we've got to find a mechanism where those cases get considered by the Court of Appeal," he said.

Last updated on .From the section Fencing

Ukrainian fencer Olga Kharlan has been disqualified for refusing to shake hands with Russian Anna Smirnova at the World Fencing Championships.

Kharlan, the first fencer to face a Russian or Belarusian since the former's full-scale invasion of her homeland, won 15-7 in Milan.

The 32-year-old rejected Smirnova's handshake afterwards, instead offering her sabre to tap blades.

It led to an appeal from Smirnova, who staged a 45-minute sit-down protest.

"My message today is that we Ukrainian athletes are ready to face Russians on the sports field but we will never shake hands with them," Kharlan said afterwards.

Smirnova, competing under a neutral flag, remained standing on the piste following the first-round contest before being handed a chair as her protest continued.

Her appeal looked to have been dismissed, with Kharlan still showing as through to the last 32 when Smirnova eventually walked off after being spoken to by an official, allowing the next bout to start.

However, the results later showed that Kharlan, a four-time individual world champion and four-time Olympic medallist, had been disqualified from the women's sabre individual.

Kharlan claimed that Emmanuel Katsiadakis, the president of the International Fencing Federation (FIE), had assured her that it was "possible" not to shake hands and offer a touch of her blade instead.

"I thought I had his word, to be safe, but apparently, no," Kharlan added.

The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has called upon sports federations to handle Ukrainian athletes and Russians competing as neutrals with "the necessary degree of sensitivity" following Kharlan's disqualification, adding: "We continue to stand in full solidarity with the Ukrainian athletes and the Olympic community of Ukraine."

In fencing, shaking hands is part of the rules of the sport and refusal to do so results in a black card and expulsion.

Ukrainian fencers have not competed where rivals from Russia and Belarus have been permitted to enter as neutral athletes since Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022. Belarus is a key Russian ally and served as a launchpad for the invasion.

However, the Ukrainian government updated its position on Wednesday, granting permission for its athletes to compete against Russians and Belarusians who participate as neutrals, as is the case at the World Fencing Championships.

Mykhailo Podolyak, the adviser to Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky, shared a photo on his Twitter feed which appeared to show Anna Smirnova with a Russian soldier.

"The photo features Anna Smirnova, the Russian fencer who Ukrainian Olga Kharlan refused to shake hands with at the World Championships after winning a fair bout," Podolyak said.

"As you can see, she openly admires the Russian army, which is killing Ukrainians and destroying our cities. The International Fencing Federation (FIE) disqualified the Ukrainian representative for not shaking hands with the Russian," he added.

"FIE should this be taken as a position? Doesn't Russian money smell of blood?"

Mykhailo Illiashev, president of Ukraine's fencing federation (NFFU), said the organisation would be appealing against Kharlan's disqualification.

Ukraine's Elina Svitolina, a Wimbledon semi-finalist earlier this month, is among those to have shown support for her compatriot.

Svitolina has refused to shake hands with Russian and Belarusian opponents and said Kharlan's decision was "the right thing to do for our people".

"Why don't Russians respect our position?" she added.

Kharlan's Ukrainian team-mate - Tokyo 2020 bronze medallist Igor Reizlin - was scheduled to take to the piste against Russian Vadim Anokhin on Wednesday but did not present himself, subsequently forfeiting.

Schiller's career as an actor spanned more than 30 years

The Last Kingdom actor Adrian Schiller has died "suddenly" aged 60, his agent has confirmed.

The British actor was best known for playing rich ealdorman Aethelhelm in Netflix historical series The Last Kingdom and steward Cornelius Penge in ITV royal drama Victoria.

In a statement, his agent said: "His death was sudden and unexpected and no further details are yet available.

"He has died far too soon, and we are devastated by the loss."

Schiller had most recently appeared in the theatre production The Lehman Trilogy in Australia, and his agent said the actor had been "looking forward to continuing the international tour in San Francisco".

Paying tribute on social media, the outgoing director of the National Theatre, Rufus Norris, said he was "deeply saddened and shocked" by the loss of a company member.

"Adrian was a wonderful actor, and the National Theatre had the pleasure of working with him throughout the breadth of his career," he said.

"His recent performance as Henry Lehman in the Australian premiere of The Lehman Trilogy was superb and his presence within the company will be greatly missed."

Schiller had just finished the Australian leg of The Lehman Trilogy tour

Last year, Schiller was among the cast in World War Two play The White Factory at Marylebone Theatre.

In a statement on X, formerly Twitter, the theatre said it was "devastated to hear of the passing of the incredible actor".

Across his career he also appeared on stage in Every Good Boy Deserves Favour, The Veil, The Captain of Kopenick, The Hour We Knew Nothing of Each Other and Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme.

Schiller was also known for his appearance in two episodes of the BBC Caribbean-set detective series Death In Paradise as Pasha Verdinikov.

He appeared in historical dramas The Musketeers on the BBC and The Devil's Whore on Channel 4.

He was seen on screen in January as a criminal, named Drake Underwood, in an episode of BBC detective series Father Brown about a heist gone wrong.

Israeli forces have in the past clashed with drug smugglers near the border with Egypt

Three Israeli soldiers have been killed by an Egyptian security officer in exchanges of fire on the Israeli side of the border.

The armed forces of both countries say they are jointly investigating the unusual incident.

Egypt says its officer crossed into Israel while chasing drug traffickers.

The Israeli military has said the shootings were assumed to be connected with a drug smuggling operation it had thwarted overnight.

According to the army, two Israeli soldiers - a man and woman - posted in a remote spot along the border were shot dead early on Saturday morning.

Their bodies were discovered after a senior officer was unable to contact them by radio.

Hours later, after a search operation, the alleged attacker was encircled and there was a shootout, the Israeli military says.

A third soldier was killed, along with the gunman, who it said was an Egyptian policeman. Another soldier was wounded in that exchange.

In a vaguely worded statement, the Egyptian military said that its security officer was pursuing drug smugglers and that a shooting led to the Israeli deaths.

It also conveyed "sincere condolences" to the families of the victims.

The Israeli military says contraband worth about $400,000 was seized by its forces during the overnight operation against smugglers.

The attacks reportedly happened near Mount Harif military base in the Negev desert

Soldiers are continuing to search in the area for others that may have been involved, the army says. It is not clear how the policeman managed to enter Israel from Egypt.

Israeli media say the attacks happened between Mount Harif and Mount Sagi - which lie in the Negev desert, about half-way between the Mediterranean coast and the Red Sea Israeli resort of Eilat.

Israeli military spokesman Richard Hecht told journalists: "Co-operation with the Egyptians is ongoing, it's good. This is not geopolitical."

This appears to be one of the most serious border incidents since Egypt became the first Arab country to sign a peace treaty with Israel in 1979.

Although the two states are often described as having "a cold peace" in recent years, they have worked together closely on military and intelligence matters, particularly on counter-terrorism.

The Israeli air force has supported the Egyptian army in its fight against so-called Islamic State militants in the northern part of the Sinai Peninsula.

The most serious infiltration attempt in recent times took place in 2012.

Back then, militants attacked an Egyptian checkpoint near to Rafah on the border with the Gaza Strip, killing 16 Egyptian policemen and stealing two armoured cars.

They used these to break through the Kerem Shalom border crossing with Israel where one of the vehicles exploded. After a firefight, Israel said the bodies of eight attackers were found.

In the past decade, Israel has built a tall border fence to try to keep out militants and to stop people-smuggling from Egypt - in particular migrants crossing from sub-Saharan Africa.

However, drug smuggling attempts in the area remain frequent. The border stretches some 255km (160 miles), making it difficult for security patrols.

Recent years have seen several cases of gunfire between smugglers and Israeli soldiers. The Egyptian army has also shot at drug smugglers and jihadists which has occasionally led to accidental cross-border fire.

Last December, Israeli soldiers shot dead a suspect who was apparently trying to smuggle drugs into Israel.

Day paper travelcards will no longer be issued under plans

Day travelcards will be phased out, the deputy mayor of London has confirmed.

The daily paper tickets will no longer be sold or accepted on Transport for London (TfL) services including Tube, bus, rail, tram and London Overground.

Seb Dance told the rail minister "TfL can no longer afford" to fund the £40m Travelcard Agreement "which represents a subsidy by Londoners".

Passengers travelling from outside the capital will be expected to use contactless or Oyster cards on arrival.

Last year, 12m day travelcards were sold, double the number in Covid-hit 2020, but down from 27m in 2018.

Weekly and annual travelcards will still be issued but last year just 20,000 of the latter were sold, down from 185,000 in 2018.

Travelcards offer unlimited travel on services within London, where fares rose an average of 5.9% in March.

In a letter sent to rail minister Huw Merriman on Friday, Mr Dance said "the current price paid to TfL for these tickets is well below the price paid for the same tickets sold within London".

A consultation document sets out the changes, which would see the end of paper travelcards altogether.

"We anticipate that, if TfL ceases to accept day travelcards, rail operators will also stop selling Zone 1-6 travelcards," it states.

Child day travelcards would no longer be available, meaning those outside of London would have to apply for a Zipcard, which provides free and discounted travel for those aged under 18, in advance of coming to the capital.

A spokesperson for the mayor of London said: "The mayor is only considering the withdrawal of day travelcards in order to meet the requirements of TfL's funding settlement with government - a deal that was required solely because of the impact of the pandemic.

"He has been clear he does not want to do so but feels that he has been left with no viable alternative."

A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "We have provided TfL with more than £6bn in funding support to keep public transport moving.

"Transport in London is devolved, and any decision to withdraw from the travelcard agreement is a matter for the mayor."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk
• None TfL Consultation - Have Your Say The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Teenagers could be at risk of rare diseases after a drop-off in vaccinations during the Covid pandemic, UK health officials are warning.

In 2021-22, 69% of 13 and 14-year-olds received a jab protecting against tetanus, diphtheria and polio - down 7% on the previous year.

Another vaccine, against meningitis, also saw a similar fall in uptake.

Parents are being urged to make sure young people are up to date with their vaccines before they leave school.

The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said many of those who had missed out on vaccines because of school closures in the pandemic had now been immunised.

UKHSA consultant epidemiologist Dr Vanessa Saliba said children and young people who had missed out on their teenage vaccines should contact their school nurse, school immunisation team or GP surgery to arrange a catch-up.

"These vaccines offer the best protection as young people start their journey into adulthood and mixing more widely - whether going to college, starting work, travelling or going to summer festivals," she said.

The three-in-one booster against tetanus, diphtheria and polio is free on the NHS to all 14-year-olds, through their school.

It is also given to babies at eight weeks, 12 weeks and 16 weeks old, and before they go to school. All five doses are crucial for building up long-term protection.

The MenACWY vaccine is also routinely offered to teenagers of the same age, but anyone up to the age of 25 can still get it through their GP. It protects against four strains of meningitis.

Before the pandemic, uptake for these vaccines was nearly 88% in England, but latest figures show that dipped to 69% for 13 to 14-year-olds in 2021-22.

Uptake among Year 10 school pupils, who are aged 14 to 15, was higher at about 78% which shows more children are catching up on missed jabs.

Steve Russell, national director for vaccination and screening, said the vaccines were "extremely well-researched" and proven to provide protection against a range of serious diseases.

The HPV vaccine is also offered in secondary schools and protects against a range of cancers.

"We strongly urge those eligible and their family members and guardians to ensure they are up to date, and if not to come forward for their vaccines as soon as possible - it's the best way to keep you protected," he said.

Last week the UN agency Unicef said there were worrying signs that confidence in life-saving childhood vaccines was slipping worldwide, partly because of vaccine hesitancy and disinformation.
• None NHS vaccinations and when to have them - NHS The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A wildfire raging earlier this month in British Columbia - where another firefighter lost her life in recent days

A second firefighter has been killed in Canada as the country battles its worst season of wildfires on record.

The person, who has not yet been named, died from injuries sustained while fighting a fire near Fort Liard in the Northwest Territories on Saturday.

It comes just days after 19-year-old Devyn Gale was killed while working in neighbouring British Columbia.

Nearly 900 wildfires are currently burning across Canada, about 580 of which remain out of control.

So far this season, the fires have burned more than 10m hectares (24.7m acres) of land, according to the Canadian Interagency Forest Fire Centre.

The figure is higher than for any previous year on record and more than three times the average for the previous 10 years.

On Sunday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he was "incredibly saddened" by the news that a second firefighter had lost their life, and sent his condolences to their family.

Caroline Cochrane, premier of the Northwest Territories, said the death was a "tragic loss for the entire territory".

"I extend my heartfelt condolences to their family, friends and colleagues," she said.

"The bravery and selflessness of our firefighters is an incredible gift to us all. Thank you for your service to our territory and to our country."

Ms Gale's death was the first death on the ground since the start of Canada's wildfire season - and reportedly the first in British Columbia since 2015.

Afterwards, Mr Trudeau said Canadians "must never forget the risks these heroes take every time they run toward the danger".

"To firefighters... across the country who are doing just that to keep us safe: Thank you. We are inspired by your courage, and grateful for your service," he said.

Climate change increases the risk of the hot, dry weather that is likely to fuel wildfires. The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.

Canada is estimated to be warming twice as fast as the rest of the world and in recent years has seen extreme weather events of increasing frequency and intensity.

The wildfires have also sparked pollution alerts across North America as smoke is blown south along the continent's eastern coast.

Nineteen-year-old Devyn Gale was killed while fighting a fire in British Columbia

Wathig Ali reached the airfield with his wife, Haifa, and son, Oday

The UK has started evacuating British nationals from Sudan, where intense fighting between rival military forces has been raging for over a week.

People have been told to make their own way to an airfield near the capital Khartoum. It is a potentially perilous journey in the middle of a precarious ceasefire, leaving many Britons thinking hard about what to do.

Wathig Ali, a British citizen in Khartoum, has just reached the airstrip with his pregnant wife Haifa and his six-year-old son Oday. He took the risky decision to drive from his house to the airstrip on Wednesday morning.

"We left at around 5am. We have managed, miraculously, to reach Wadi Saeedna airbase. We are awaiting evacuation now," Mr Ali said.

But Mr Ali's mother, who is in her late 70s and "very sickly", will not be coming to the UK with them.

"British soldiers checked all our papers. I brought my mum with me but she does not have a British passport. I tried to persuade the British soldiers to let her on the plane too but they would not let her.

"It was heart-breaking that I had to say goodbye to my mum."

His wife does not have a British passport either, but their marriage certificate was accepted.

The drive to the airfield was better than expected, Mr Ali said.

Soldiers from the Sudanese army and paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) waved them through checkpoints, he said.

"While we drove through the streets, we saw lots of RSF soldiers but they were relaxing by the side of the road, probably because it was so early in the morning.

"It looked like they were on holiday."

There are 80 people at the airbase awaiting evacuation, plus 30 British soldiers, Mr Ali said. He added that although there were two planes already there, the soldiers would not say when they will be departing.

"It's clear we might be here until nightfall. We are thirsty and hungry," he said.

"I feel for my pregnant wife - she is acting brave. Escaping this nightmare hasn't been done yet. I hope the nightmare will end soon."

Back in the UK, families are wracked with worry about relatives in Sudan who they have not been able to contact for days due to broken lines of communication.

Some want to know how vulnerable relatives will make it to the airbase without an escort. British charity worker Yasmin Sholgami's grandparents are stranded in Khartoum without food and water.

Health issues and reports of gunfire and shelling - despite the apparent ceasefire - mean the elderly couple are unable to travel to the airbase on their own.

No-one can get to their house to take them, Ms Sholgami told the BBC on Tuesday. Each time relatives have tried, "they've been shot at by snipers".

Her grandfather is 89 and has a British passport. Her 75-year-old grandmother, who holds a British visa, has diabetes: "She can't get up and needs help from numerous people to make it to the airfield."

"Little does the government know that there are many areas in the centre of Khartoum that are too dangerous to leave your house without help from some sort of official," Ms Sholgami added.

An estimated 4,000 UK nationals are stuck in Sudan - among the highest number of foreign citizens there. Many have spent days trapped indoors with dwindling food and water supplies and no electricity or internet connection.

British nationals told the BBC on Monday - before the UK announced that it had started its evacuation effort - that they felt abandoned as other foreign nationals and British embassy workers were flown out. They also complained of poor communication from the Foreign Office's crisis centre.

Javid Abdelmoneim, whose elderly father was stuck alone in Khartoum, received a call from officials on Monday asking that his dad make his way to the airbase, about 13km (8 miles) outside of the capital.

But there was no way to know if the Foreign Office had been able to get in contact with his dad, as he himself had not been able to reach him.

"He's elderly and alone which means he's high priority, but also means he can't get to the airfield," he told the BBC.

Mr Abdelmoneim said his father ended up travelling with family members in an overland convoy on Monday to the Egyptian border.

Another UK national who chose this way out of Sudan described it as a 15-hour journey through "utter devastation" where he was stopped and robbed at gunpoint before being let go.

On Tuesday evening, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the UK government's approach to getting British citizens out of Sudan, following criticism that the Foreign Office was failing those stuck in Khartoum.

"The security situation on the ground in Sudan is complicated, it is volatile and we wanted to make sure we could put in place processes that are going to work for people, that are going to be safe and effective," Mr Sunak said.

He said more than 1,000 UK citizens in Sudan had been contacted about evacuation plans, and "many more" flights would leave on Wednesday.

Are you a British national who has been evacuated from Sudan? Are you still inside the country? If it is safe to do so, share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson would not be "wise" to nominate his own father for a knighthood, a government minister has said.

Speaking on BBC Question Time, Immigration minister Robert Jenrick said prime ministers should "absolutely not" hand honours to family members.

It follows reports Mr Johnson planned to name his father, former MEP Stanley, in his resignation honours.

Labour called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to block any such nomination.

The BBC understands Mr Johnson's list will also now feature only around 50 names, lower than the figure of 100 previously reported by a number of newspapers.

Under the UK system, outgoing prime ministers can ask the monarch to bestow peerages, knighthoods, and other honours on any number of people of their choosing.

Reports this week suggested Mr Johnson, who stood down in September after a series of scandals triggered mass resignations from his government, planned to include his father on his list.

Stanley Johnson served as a Conservative member of the European Parliament for the Wight and Hampshire East constituency from 1979 to 1984. He also worked at the World Bank and European Commission as well as writing a number of books on environmental issues.

Asked about the reports, Mr Jenrick - who served for two years in Mr Johnson's cabinet as housing secretary - said: "Is it, as a principle, wise for a prime minister to nominate a member of their own family for an honour? No, absolutely not."

He added that "we'll have to see what ultimately is on this list and what the government chooses to do".

There have been calls for Mr Sunak to block Stanley Johnson from being given a knighthood if his name is put forward.

As prime minister, Mr Johnson nominated his brother Jo - a former Conservative minister - to join the House of Lords.

Also speaking on Question Time, shadow Home Office minister Sarah Jones said Mr Sunak "needs to make it crystal clear" that Mr Johnson could not nominate his own father for an honour.

Reports this week have suggested that Mr Johnson was told by officials to cut the number of people on his list after initially proposing almost 100.

One ally of Mr Johnson's told the BBC his list was "shorter than David Cameron's or Theresa May's so everyone can relax".

Mr Cameron nominated 59 people for honours when he resigned, while Ms May nominated 51.

A spokesman for Mr Johnson refused to comment on whether or not he planned to put his father forward for a knighthood.

A Cabinet Office spokesperson said: "We do not comment on speculation around honours".

Mabli Cariad Hall was "beautiful, smiley and happy", a family friend said in a tribute

An eight-month-old was in her pram outside a hospital when she was hit and killed by a car, an inquest has heard.

Mabli Cariad Hall was struck by a white BMW outside Withybush Hospital in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire in June, along with a pedestrian.

She died from a severe traumatic brain injury at Bristol Royal Hospital for Children four days later.

In a statement, her family said the loss of Mabli had changed their lives forever.

The inquest at Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire Coroner's Court was told that at 11:50 BST, the police received an emergency call of a crash involving a car and pedestrians.

It happened in front of the hospital's main entrance.

During the inquest opening, coroner Paul Bennet said: "I extend my sincere condolences to Mabli's parents and also to her grandparents who are here this morning."

"And to say how sorry I am that we have to meet in such difficult and tragic circumstances for you and the family," he added.

Mabli Hall died after being hit by a car outside Withybush Hospital

Mabli, from Neath, was airlifted from the hospital to Cardiff before being transferred to hospital in Bristol.

Her funeral was held a week ago in Tonna, Neath Port Talbot.

The driver of the BMW suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was taken to hospital, along with their passenger and pedestrian, who was also hit.

"The pain and grief we are suffering as a family is indescribable," Mabli's family said in the statement.

"During this terribly painful time, we still have no answer to the central question we inevitably ask regarding the tragic loss of our beautiful baby girl."

A damaged BMW was removed from Withybush Hospital in Haverfordwest

They added that the opening of the inquest and the Dyfed-Powys Police investigation would hopefully provide the information they needed to explain why the tragedy happened.

"As a family we also hope that the outcome of this process will help reduce the risk of such a tragedy happening to others in future," the family said.

The inquest was adjourned until 25 January 2024, pending a full investigation.

The murals adorned the walls of the Kent Intake Unit

Murals of Mickey Mouse and other cartoon characters designed to welcome child asylum seekers to a reception centre in Dover have been painted over, by order of the immigration minister.

Robert Jenrick instructed that they be removed, reportedly because he believed they sent too welcoming a message.

The Home Office said the Kent Intake Unit (KIU) opened last November to look after unaccompanied child migrants.

Facilities included softer interview rooms and an outside space, it added.

There were also prayer rooms, a larger reception area and improved security measures to ensure children's safety, the Home Office said.

A spokesperson confirmed the murals were removed on Tuesday, adding: "We do all we can to ensure children are safe, secure and supported as we urgently seek placements with a local authority.

"All children receive a welfare interview on their arrival at accommodation, which includes questions designed to identify potential indicators of trafficking or safeguarding issues.

"Our priority is to stop the boats and disrupt the people smugglers."

Labour's shadow immigration minister Stephen Kinnock condemned Mr Jenrick's order, saying the idea that removing the murals would "somehow stop the boats is utterly absurd".

He said it was a sign of a "chaotic government in crisis, whose failing approach means all they have left is tough talk and cruel and callous policies".

Labour had a plan to "end the dangerous crossings, defeat the criminal smuggler gangs, and end hotel use by clearing the asylum backlog," he added.

The i newspaper, which was first to report the story, quoted sources as saying staff at the centre were "horrified" by Mr Jenrick's order and resisted carrying out the work.

A report published last month by His Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons after visits to KIU, and the nearby processing centres at Manston and Western Jet Foil, found there had been improvements in facilities since previous inspections.

But continuing problems, including medical isolation practices at KIU. The report concluded: "Inspectors found no examples of notable positive practice during this inspection" at KIU.

The Home Office said it had taken action to address some of the recommendations.

One of the UK's largest private pension funds has backed Thames Water to turnaround its finances and performance after fears the firm could collapse.

Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS), a major investor in the water firm, is the first to publicly support it as it looks to secure extra funding.

Thames Water is billions of pounds in debt and there have been calls for it to be nationalised.

USS said the firm "could benefit" from having it among its shareholders.

"We know that leakage and sewage remain major issues, but we also know there are no quick fixes where a complex network of pipes stretching for miles - some of which have been in the ground for 150 years - need to be replaced," said USS group chief executive Bill Galvin.

Mr Galvin added improvements would "take time" and added "significant investment is needed".

Thames Water, which serves a quarter of the UK population, has faced heavy criticism over its performance in recent years due to sewage discharges and leaks. The company leaks more water than any other water company in UK, losing the equivalent of up to 250 Olympic size swimming pools every day from its pipes.

Its chief executive, Sarah Bentley, resigned last week, weeks after she was asked to forgo her bonus over the company's handling of sewage spills.

Thames Water is a private company, owned by a group of investors, with the largest being the Canadian pension fund, OMERS, with 31.8%.

OMERS has declined to comment on the water firm's current situation, but USS, a pension fund for UK academics and the second biggest investor with a 19.7% stake, is the first to announce its support.

"We have given our backing to Thames Water's turnaround plan and Net Zero roadmap and engage with them regularly to support their long-term strategy," Mr Galvin said in note to staff, which was first reported by the Financial Times.

"We remain of the view that, with an appropriate regulatory environment, the long-term objective of repairing important UK infrastructure and paying pensions to our members are in strong alignment."

Thames Water said last week that it was trying to raise the cash it needs to improve.

It said it was keeping water regulator Ofwat informed on progress, and that it still had "strong" cash and borrowing reserves to draw on.

The government has said it was ready to act in a worst case scenario if Thames Water collapsed.

Regardless of what happens, water supplies will continue as normal to customers.

Last year Thames Water's owners - including USS - pumped £500m into the business and pledged a further £1bn to help it to improve.

But the company is understood to be struggling to raise the remaining cash which it needs to service its substantial debt pile, which is around £14bn. Interest payments on more than half of its debt are linked to the rate of inflation, which has soared over the last year.

Other water firms are also facing similar pressures due to higher interest payments on their debts and rising costs including higher energy and chemical prices.

Late on Thursday night, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) convened a meeting for a group of international journalists at the defence ministry building in Tel Aviv. The IDF then set out for us the results of their initial inquiry into the killing of seven aid workers in Gaza.

Retired Maj Gen Yoav Har-Even described how the IDF's drone operators mistook an aid worker carrying a bag for a gunman, and then targeted one of the World Central Kitchen vehicles with a missile.

The IDF then described how two people escaped that vehicle and got into a second car, which was hit by another missile from a drone.

The military confirmed that there were survivors from the second explosion, who managed to get into the third vehicle - which was then also hit by a missile.

By the end, all the aid workers were dead.

The IDF's investigation concluded that the army unit involved had believed the vehicles they were tracking from the sky had been taken over by Hamas gunmen, and that they were not aware of the coordination procedures put in place between the military and World Central Kitchen for that evening.

It also said they also did not know the cars belonged to the charity, and the three air strikes were in violation of the army's own procedures.

Three of the charity's cars were struck during the attack

The evidence from the investigation has been passed to the Military Advocate General - the Israeli army's top legal authority - to determine if there has been any criminal conduct.

In addition, the army has sacked the major in charge of fire support. The brigade's chief of staff, a colonel, has also been sacked. The divisional commander, brigade commander and the general in charge of the IDF's Southern Command have been formally reprimanded.

The IDF sought to explain the context leading up to the fatal events of that evening.

The aid workers had been overseeing the distribution of food aid that had arrived on a ship from Cyprus and unloaded at a recently constructed jetty in the northern Gaza strip. Under coordination with the IDF, the World Central Kitchen team were transferring these supplies to a warehouse a few kilometres further south.

During this process, the IDF says their drone operators spotted a gunman riding on the roof of a large aid lorry that was being escorted by the WCK team. They played those of us at the briefing a somewhat blurry video - which has not been released to the public - showing a figure holding a gun, on top of the lorry. At one point the gun is fired, showing up clearly on the slowed-down black and white footage.

At this stage the military contacts World Central Kitchen but they are in turn unable to reach the team on the ground - where phone communication is patchy and aid agencies say they are prohibited by the IDF from using radios.

The drone footage also appears to confirm that at night, the stickers on the roof of the World Central Kitchen vehicles, with the charity's logo, are not visible to the drone operator.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: US says Israel must make changes in the coming "hours and days"

The military then tracks the convoy, including the aid lorry, to a warehouse. Then the convoy splits - the aid lorry remains in the warehouse and four SUV-type cars emerge. One of those vehicles heads north, and is then shown to contain gunmen, with weapons clearly visible from the drone footage, as they emerge next to another aid warehouse. The IDF say that these gunmen were not targeted, because of their proximity to an aid facility.

Meanwhile, three remaining vehicles belonging to World Central Kitchen begin to head south.

The drone team, the army says, now working under the assumption that they are dealing with Hamas militants and not an aid convoy, had misidentified one of the aid workers as a gunman, and claimed to have seen them enter one of the three WCK cars.

No footage of this moment was provided, but the military investigation concluded that it was a "misclassification... they saw that it's a rifle but at the end of the day it was a bag".

Under the mistaken belief that one vehicle now contained a gunman, authorisation to fire a missile is sought, and granted by superior officers. At 23:09 the first vehicle is struck, two minutes later the second, and at 23:13 the third final, fatal strike is launched.

The military's conclusions are that three major failings occurred:

Google has started rolling out its AI chatbot Bard, but it is only available to certain users and they have to be over the age of 18.

Unlike its viral rival ChatGPT, it can access up-to-date information from the internet and has a "Google it" button which accesses search.

It also namechecks its sources for facts, such as Wikipedia.

But Google warned Bard would have "limitations" and said it might share misinformation and display bias.

This is because it "learns" from real-world information, in which those biases currently exist - meaning it is possible for stereotypes and false information to show up in its responses.

AI chatbots are programmed to answer questions online using natural, human-like language.

They can write anything from speeches and marketing copy to computer code and student essays.

When ChatGPT launched in November 2022, it had more than one million users within a week, said OpenAI, the firm behind it.

Microsoft has invested billions of dollars in it, incorporating the product into its search engine Bing last month.

It has also unveiled plans to bring a version of the tech to its office apps including Word, Excel and Powerpoint.

Google has been a slower and more cautious runner in the generative AI race with its version, Bard, which launches in the US and UK to begin with. Users will have to register to try it out.

Bard is a descendant of an earlier language model of Google's called Lamda, which was never fully released to the public. It did, however, attract a lot of attention when one of the engineers who worked on it claimed its answers were so compelling that he believed it was sentient. Google denied the claims and he was fired.

Bard can be interacted with much like a Google search

Google senior product director Jack Krawczyk has told the BBC that Bard is "an experiment" and he hopes people will use it as a "launchpad for creativity".

He showed me an example of how he had used Bard to help him plan his young child's birthday party.

It came up with a theme which incorporated his child's love of bunny rabbits and gymnastics, found the address of a venue he mentioned and suggested party games and food.

"So much of the [media] coverage is that AI is the hero," said Mr Krawczyk. "I think the human is the hero and large language models are here to help unlock creativity."

While ChatGPT's knowledge database only extends as far as the year 2021 - it cannot, for example, answer questions about the recent earthquake in Turkey and Syria - Bard can access current information. It explained to me a news story about TikTok being banned on UK government phones, published on the BBC website a few days ago.

It is programmed not to respond to offensive prompts and has filters to prevent it from sharing harmful, illegal, sexually explicit or personally identifiable information but "like any method these guardrails will occasionally fail", said Zoubin Ghahramani, vice president of Google Research.

Make no mistake, this is an extremely cautious product launch, about as far away from the former "move fast and break things" bravado of the early days of big tech as it is possible to get.

When I asked if the firm was nervous, Mr Krawczyk paused before answering that its approach to the launch of Bard was "deliberate".

If Google is nervous, it has good reason to be.

For all the excitement that exists around this kind of tech, there are horror stories about some of the more disturbing things ChatGPT has been manipulated into doing, and there are also fears that ultimately these powerful tools, still currently in their infancy, could be a huge threat to lots of different types of jobs.

There is also - and this is particularly relevant to Google - a theory that chatbots could one day replace the lucrative business of internet search altogether. Why wade through pages of search result links when you could just get one neatly written answer? Google cannot afford to be out of the race.

Mr Krawczyk and Mr Ghahramani talked a lot about the responsibility and principles that comes with the tech. They even told me about the huge data centres powering Bard, and how they aim to run them using renewable energy.

Google is advising its users not to trust everything Bard says

They revealed Google was restricting access to over-18s when I asked whether students would start using Bard to do their homework instead of ChatGPT. Teachers have warned pupils not to use chatbots to do their work for them although some educators have embraced it.

Google says it will be closely monitoring Bard to make sure it adheres to its own "AI principles" which include avoiding the creation or reinforcement of bias.

It will not be able to express opinions or take on a persona, although like ChatGPT it will be able to mimic the writing styles of others.

It helped Google write its own announcement, said the firm's Sissie Hsiao and Eli Collins, who were also co-authors of the launch blog post.

"It didn't always get things right. But even then, it made us laugh," they said.

As Manchester City lifted the trophy, five men were awaiting sentencing for illegally streaming Premier League matches

Five men who illegally streamed Premier League football matches to tens of thousands of people have been jailed.

The gang sold cut-price £10-a-month subscriptions, bragging they made money showing games not otherwise available to watch live in the UK because of "blackout" broadcasting rules.

Their operation, described as the biggest so far, received more than £7m from 50,000 subscribers.

The sentencing follows a rare private prosecution by the Premier League.

The fraud prosecution was brought to protect "some of the world's most valuable content", the league's lawyers said.

It followed a lengthy trading-standards investigation led by Hammersmith and Fulham Council.

And the personal details of many of those who paid for Flawless TV are now in the hands of investigators, raising the question of what action might be taken against them.

Bodycam images show Mark Gould on his sofa as investigators searched his south London flat

At Derby Crown Court, the gang's "prime mover", Mark Gould, 36, was sentenced to 11 years in prison.

Four other members were sentenced to between three and more than five years.

One of them, Christopher Felvus, 36, was also found guilty of voyeurism and possessing indecent images of children, discovered on his computer.

"I don't think any of us realised how big it was," Mr Love tells BBC News.

Investigators found dozens of linked set-top boxes at the flat

"When we went into the spare bedroom, there were 20 or 30 set-top boxes linked together."

The gang took feeds from broadcasters in the UK, Qatar, the US, Australia and Canada and streamed them a few seconds later via the Flawless service.

The operation developed apps offering Premier League matches and other content, which ran on phones and smart TVs.

Users picked what they wanted to watch from a fully-functional on-screen programme guide.

The gang made £7.2m between 2016 and 2021, according to the league. Gould personally made more than £1.7m.

Direct subscribers paid £10 a month to watch every Premier League game, compared with about £80 a month for legal services from Sky, BT Sport and Amazon Prime.

The case has highlighted a demand for illegal streaming, created by the unavailability of many football matches on TV.

Uefa allows the Premier League to prevent broadcasts of UK matches between 14:45 and 17:15 on Saturdays.

The "blackout", in place for decades, is to encourage fans to attend matches, at all levels of football, rather than watch on TV.

But Flawless offered subscribers "3pm kick-off" Premier League games, otherwise broadcast only abroad.

The gang had exchanged messages saying the "blackout" was "good for business", accounting for 80% of subscribers, prosecutor David Groome told the court.

Research from the Intellectual Property Office estimates nearly four million people in the UK used an illegal source to watch live sport last year.

Some pubs and bars also use illegal streams to show unavailable matches, or to avoid the cost of official services, which can be more than £20,000 a year for commercial premises.

Fans point out while most games are not televised in the UK, they are all shown live overseas.

"The Premier League is on our doorstep and yet we have the least amount of access to that football," YouTuber Daniel Bradley, also known as FPL Mate, says.

"I would pay more for more - but I don't have that option."

When the investigators raided the homes of gang members, they seized computer equipment and documents detailing the operation of Flawless.

As a result, they now have payment information for thousands of those who subscribed to the service.

The Premier League pays the Federation Against Copyright Theft to investigate and enforce its copyright over football content.

Fact visits those identified as using illegal football streaming, warning them they are potentially breaking the law, as well as issuing "cease and desist" letters to those running streams.

But it seems highly unlikely fans will face legal action.

One of the barristers who worked on the Flawless case, Ari Alibhai, said, in an online seminar, in 2021: "In practice, the idea of someone being prosecuted who isn't also concerned in the trade, so they aren't also concerned in supplying illicit television services, is minimal."

But fans thinking of subscribing to illegal streams could be setting themselves up for another headache.

"You get sports and you are getting a cheap price," Mr Love says. "But you're committing an offence and putting yourself in danger.

"You are contributing to organised crime who won't be paying taxes and can make a quick buck by selling your details on."

These could be used to steal money or hack computers. The streaming sites themselves are also riddled with malware and pornography.

Prosecutors in the Flawless case described the lengths to which gangs would go to avoid detection, in a cat-and-mouse game between broadcasters and illegal streamers.

Sky adds a code on screen during its broadcasts, which acts as a watermark, so it can determine which legitimate accounts are being used for offering illegal streaming.

But the Flawless gang developed software to blur the watermark - and so Sky randomised its on-screen position to prevent that.

Covert "test purchases" and subscriptions are also used in the fight against copyright theft, helping the Premier League take down 590,000 streams in 2021.

But it remains big business - and when Flawless was shut down, other services were quick to take over, amid complaints from users online.

The investigation into the gang continues, with the aim of seizing the illegal money they made.

The Premier League's legal team say they will now pursue other illegal streaming operators.

"The Premier League's substantial financial contribution to the entire football pyramid is made possible through the ability to sell our broadcast rights," the league's general counsel, Kevin Plumb, said.

"We are pleased that through rulings such as this, the courts continue to show that they recognise the importance of safeguarding the Premier League's rights.

"We will continue to protect our rights and our fans by investigating and prosecuting illegal operators at all levels."

CCTV footage of a fast food restaurant drive-through shows the moment a worker pulled a gun on a customer after an argument over missing fries.

The incident took place in March 2021 in Houston, Texas.

The driver’s family has since filed a lawsuit against Jack-in-the-Box and its employee, Alonniea Ford-Theriot.

The shooting occurred at a memorial for Fresia Calderon and her daughter Sara Sanchez

A 19-year-old man has been charged, and two other men arrested, over a drive-by shooting during a funeral outside a church in central London.

Four women and two girls were injured in the incident in Euston in January.

Alrico Nelson Martin, from Kilburn, north-west London, has been charged with possession of a shotgun with intent to endanger life.

A further two men, aged 22 and 23, have been arrested for conspiracy to murder and remain in custody.

Four women and two girls, aged 11 and seven, were shot outside a funeral at St Aloysius Church in Phoenix Road.

The shooting happened close to a church while a funeral was taking place, police say

Mourners had been attending the funeral of Sara Sanchez, 20, who died from leukaemia in November and her mother, Fresia Calderon, who died the same month.

Ms Sanchez had suffered from leukaemia for three years, while her mother died from a rare blood clot on arrival at Heathrow from Colombia.

Mr Martin, who is also charged with six counts of conspiracy to wound with intent, will appear later at Willesden Magistrates' Court.

The Met said a 22-year-old man arrested in Barnet, north London, on 15 January has been released on bail pending further inquiries.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Japanese TV personality Ryuchell has been found dead by their manager at the agency's office in Tokyo.

The 27-year-old's cause of death has not yet been confirmed, but police said they are investigating if they took their own life.

Ryuchell married a fellow model, Peco in 2016 and the pair had a son.

In August 2022, the couple divorced after Ryuchell announced they no longer identified as male, attracting much criticism online.

In the post shared to Instagram, Ryuchell said they would still live with Peco and their son.

But many accused the celebrity of being an absent father and criticised their decision to come out. In February, Ryuchell appeared in a YouTube video alongside Peco, who defended her ex-husband and said she supported them as they worked out their sexuality.

Ryuchell became an influential LGBT figure in Japan and was well-known for their genderless style of dressing. As they became more famous, they were subject to numerous online social harassment campaigns which largely criticised their personal life and gender non-conformity.

Shortly after their death, terms like "Ryuchell" and "character assassination" started trending on Twitter in Japan, with many expressing shock and sadness.

One user called Ryuchell a shining light in a harsh world, and referred to suicide as being preventable.

Peco and their son are overseas - on Tuesday she posted a picture of a cake for his fifth birthday. The family are yet to comment on news of Ryuchell's death.

If you, or someone you know, have been affected by issues in this article, the following resources may help:

The report was carried out by the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission

Some schools in Northern Ireland are teaching pupils that homosexuality is wrong in relationships and sex education (RSE).

A Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission (NIHRC) report said "many schools use language that shames and stigmatises young people" who had sex.

Some told pupils that those who "engage in casual sex must bear the consequences of their actions".

The NIHRC investigated schools policies on the teaching of RSE.

The detailed investigation found most schools were not providing "age-appropriate, comprehensive and scientifically accurate education on access to abortion services".

"Some schools actively contributed to the shame and stigma surrounding unplanned pregnancy and abortion, by making statements such as 'abortion is not a means of contraception and those who knowingly engage in casual sex must bear the consequences of their actions'," the NIHRC report said.

It also said about two-thirds of post-primaries promoted abstinence in their sex education policies.

One school's policy stated that "sexual abstinence before marriage and fidelity within it, will be presented as the positive and desirable option and an achievable reality".

The commission recommended that schools should be monitored to ensure sex education is taught in "an objective and non-judgemental manner".

That should include "detailed assessments of the content and delivery of lesson plans".

The NIHRC was established following the Good Friday Agreement.

It has the power to conduct investigations and compel evidence.

Its investigation into relationships and sex education focused mainly on legal and policy matters but it also made recommendations on delivery of the subject in schools.

About three-quarters (149) of post-primaries in Northern Ireland provided evidence to the commission's investigation and 124 provided their RSE policies.

Some schools provided lesson plans and teaching notes, and experts were also consulted by the commission.

Speaking about the findings, NIHRC chief commissioner, Alyson Kilpatrick told Good Morning Ulster that "an awful lot more needed to be done by a majority of schools in relation to age appropriate, comprehensive, scientifically accurate education and sexual reproductive health and rights".

"The Department for Education needs to work with schools, consult with parents and children, to work out what the appropriate content should be and that it is delivered properly," said Ms Kilpatrick.

In 2018, the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) said RSE in Northern Ireland should be compulsory and comprehensive.

As a result, the Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris recently laid new regulations in parliament making teaching topics like abortion and prevention of pregnancy compulsory in schools in Northern Ireland.

He said he had a legal duty to act on the recommendations made in the CEDAW report.

But the change has been criticised by Protestant and Catholic church leaders.

The NIHRC investigation into RSE was carried out before Mr Heaton-Harris's move.

But the commission said that there must be monitoring to "ensure that schools are meeting their new obligations".

"It's very easy to have a policy or to have a list of things you are going to teach, but it is the actual teaching of them and the way in which they are taught which is so influential," said Ms Kilpatrick.

At present, each school in Northern Ireland has to teach sex education but can decide what to teach "based on the ethos of their school," according to Department of Education (DE) guidance.

The NIHRC said that the majority of schools who submitted their RSE policy to the investigation "still promoted the value of the 'sanctity of marriage'", and related terms, such as "permanent committed sexual relationship", and "married love" in their RSE policies and school ethos.

"In addition to this idealisation and promotion of abstinence, marriage, and monogamy, many schools use language that shames and stigmatises young people who do engage in sexual practices," the report continued.

"Most schools also contributed to this association of shame with sexual activity, by attributing specific moral values and personal characteristics to those who engaged (or did not engage) in sexual behaviour."

The NIHRC said about two-thirds of post-primaries taught pupils about contraception, but it was difficult to know if they offered accurate information.

In their RSE policies, some schools stated that "they will present the Catholic teaching that 'the use of any artificial means of preventing procreation is not acceptable'," the report said.

"Some schools even outline their beliefs that "homosexuality" is wrong," in their polices, the NIHRC said.

"For example, one [school] writes that 'the belief that homosexual acts are against the nature and purpose of human relationships will be presented to pupils'," the report continued.

One third of schools who provided information to the NIHRC said their school would teach pupils that "heterosexual relationships was the 'main' or 'ideal' context for sexual intimacy".

The report also said most schools "indirectly contribute to the societal victim-blaming and slut-shaming of women and girls."

It said this was because they focused on how young people could stop themselves becoming victims of sexual abuse or violence, rather than challenging the perpetrators.

The NIHRC said that while their investigation showed some schools provided "comprehensive and scientifically accurate" relationship and sex education, the majority in Northern Ireland did not.

The commission concluded that the case for reforming the RSE curriculum was "compelling".

It provided 13 recommended reforms, including schools involving their students in drawing up RSE policies.

A small, red-brick primary school in Reading is an unlikely starting place for a seismic shift. But the death of Caversham Primary School's head teacher, Ruth Perry, feels like one of those rare moments when something fundamental has altered in public perception.

Ms Perry took her own life in January, weeks after an Ofsted inspection. The Ofsted report, published after her death, downgraded her school's rating from Outstanding to Inadequate - going from the top to the bottom of the scale.

It's as though a dam has burst, with her family blaming her death on the pressure of the inspection and head teachers and teachers coming forward to talk about their own experiences of the Ofsted process.

For some, the prospect of another inspection leads them to leave teaching altogether. Others describe the mental and physical toll of knowing your career is on the line.

There has always been background grumbling in schools about inspection, which has been a feature of our school system for more than 100 years.

In recent years though, there has been a more negative edge to conversations I have had in schools. Even a passing mention of Ofsted has led to spontaneous booing at a couple of professional gatherings of head teachers and teachers.

It's fair to describe the system as having high accountability and high stakes. A damning Ofsted report can have a domino effect in which the head teacher loses their job and teaching posts remain vacant, as few want to work in a school that has been labelled as failing. That, in turn, makes improvement harder.

This is at the heart of the question of whether Ofsted inspections improves schools or simply points out where they are struggling. Some argue the external scrutiny is vital to hold schools to account and maintain standards.

England's schools have improved their ranking in some international league tables in recent years, but there is no way of being sure how Ofsted has contributed to that. Other things that might have boosted performance include the introduction of phonics to help primary school children learn to read, and making GCSEs more academically demanding.

Head teachers of schools in deprived and challenged communities complain vociferously about Ofsted, which some feel is weighted against them. A report published in 2022 found schools that were stuck in a cycle of repeatedly weak Ofsted performances tended to have higher numbers of disadvantaged pupils.

The former chief inspector of schools, Sir Michael Wilshaw, is among Ofsted supporters who say the one-word rating system helps to give clear guidance to parents as they try to choose the best school for their child. But the events around Ms Perry's death have intensified the debate about whether one rating can fully describe a school.

For more than a decade, schools graded Outstanding became exempt from inspection. But since 2020, re-inspections have led to hundreds of previously Outstanding schools being downgraded.

Ms Perry's school in Reading, which hadn't been inspected for 13 years, is one of only five out of 359 schools to be moved to the bottom grade since September.

Conservative backbenchers have questioned in Parliament whether all these judgements are fair.

Ms Perry's school was rated as inadequate overall, despite providing a good education and a welcoming and vibrant community for children. The inadequate rating was driven by failings in training, record-keeping and checks on staff.

Perhaps it's no surprise that in some of these inspections of previously Outstanding schools, one focus has been what measures are in place to keep children safe: Ofsted has been facing pressure to do more about preventing sexual assault in schools, and in October, the Independent Inquiry into Child Sex Abuse found the regulator "did not do enough" to identify serious child weaknesses in some educational settings.

Ruth Perry was the head teacher at Caversham Primary School in Reading

So where does this debate leave parents who simply want to know what to take from an Ofsted grade, as one part of deciding where to send their children to school?

One recent piece of research shows how difficult it is to be sure. The academics looked at 10 years of Ofsted inspections of secondary schools and how that related to GCSE results five years later.

Once they had taken account of children's backgrounds, and how well they had done already at school, there was "no detectable difference" between Good, Requires Improvement and Inadequate.

Whether or not the huge reaction to Ruth Perry's death influences how Ofsted operates, change is certainly on the way for the regulator - chief inspector Amanda Spielman, is standing down at the end of the year.

And while the government strongly supports the current system, the Labour Party has recently said it wants to move from a single-grade system to a report card system for each school, which would replace grades with more detailed information about school performance.

Talks to resolve a long-running row with Royal Mail staff over pay and conditions are close to collapse.

Discussions are "precarious" and in their "last throes", with the next 24-48 hours key to settling the dispute, a source close to the talks said.

The Royal Mail board is reported as threatening to put the firm into administration if a deal is not done.

The BBC understands that there may be movement on the current pay offer to unions to try and resolve the issues.

"Administration is a real possibility for Royal Mail if the industrial action continues. It is not a negotiating ploy," the source told the BBC.

A separate source said that Royal Mail is in "uncharted territory" in terms of what would happen if it went into administration, but the unprofitable letter delivery part of the business would likely have to be split from the parcel delivery part.

A Royal Mail spokesman said the firm is "doing all we can" to resolve the dispute, and that the firm is "committed to getting the right deal".

But he said the firm has been "very clear about the damaging impact of strike action".

A CWU spokesman said it was "clear" that Royal Mail Group are in a "serious financial situation", but that this was due to "mismanagement and recklessness at the most senior level of the company".

"There is no positive future for Royal Mail without the support of the workforce," he added.

The government would have to approve a move into administration.

This could mean Royal Mail, including Parcelforce, is declared insolvent.

The dispute is not just over pay. Royal Mail is also trying to make changes to the way postal staff do their jobs including changes to start times and sick pay.

The long-running dispute has seen workers and management at loggerheads, leading to industrial action including a strike over Christmas, with further possible strikes.

The company has been beset by recent problems, including the prospect of further strikes, and a cyber attack which disrupted overseas mail.

Royal Mail has said it is losing £1m a day and that it is projected to lose more than £350m for the financial year ending in April.

It has said the strikes have cost the company £200m in lost business and in covering striking staff.

Talks between the company and the Communications Workers Union (CWU) have been ongoing since the end of last year.

In the past few days, Sir Brendan Barber, the former head of the TUC and ex-chair of conciliation service Acas, has been brought in to help facilitate the talks.

There is currently a pay offer of 9% over two years starting in April, including a 2% offer for 2022/23.

The business says modernisation is essential if the company is to improve its parcel delivery service.

The firm has been trying to move away from letter delivery, which it has said is unprofitable, but it is obliged to deliver letters to all parts of the UK.

The CWU has previously said that Royal Mail's management was trying to "casualise" the postal service and that they "want to turn it into an Uber-style employer".

Declan Donnelly and Ant McPartlin - disconcertingly the wrong way round - found fame as PJ and Duncan on Byker Grove

TV series Byker Grove is to make a comeback - produced by former stars Ant and Dec.

The children's series - set in Newcastle - aired on the BBC from 1989 to 2006 and focused on the lives of youngsters who attended the youth club of the same name.

It saw Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly find fame as PJ and Duncan.

The pair, who will be executive producers on the reboot, said they were "beyond excited".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by antanddec This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The programme - to be simply called Byker - will be aimed "at a primetime audience" and "engage with a new generation of teenagers navigating the different challenges faced by young adults today", production company Fulwell 73 said.

It has not been announced if the show - which also launched the careers of Donna Air, Jill Halfpenny, Andrew Hayden-Smith and Charlie Hunnam - will be broadcast on the BBC or when filming will begin.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Donnelly said it would "help shine a spotlight on the North East and the talent the region has to offer both in front of the camera and behind it".

"Byker Grove will always be very special to us as the show which gave us our break, so we are beyond excited," he added.

"We are looking forward to bringing this fresh incarnation to a whole new generation as well as those who remember it as fondly as we do."

The original filming location of the youth club was Grade II-listed Benwell Towers in Newcastle, which is now home to Islamic school Bahr Academy.

McPartlin - whose character PJ famously was accidentally blinded during a paintball fight in one episode - added the pair "owe such a lot to Byker Grove and the North East so we can't wait to start working to bring this iconic series back to life".

"Already talking characters and storylines has us all buzzing at the possibilities ahead," he added.

The series will be made by North East-based Fulwell 73 - which was behind Friends: The Reunion, The Kardashians and Gavin and Stacey: Christmas Special - along with Ant and Dec's Mitre Studios, which produced Saturday Night Takeaway.

Ant and Dec will act as executive producers on the rebooted series

It will be filmed across Newcastle and Sunderland as part of both companies' commitment to their home region and local production offices.

Leo Pearlman, from Fulwell 73, told BBC Radio 5 Live the intention was to recruit "as much as possible" from the North East for roles on and off-screen.

"The whole creative industry is so much stronger when it is geographically diverse, culturally, socially diverse and I think the North East has been left behind in that regard for a number of years," he said.

"Alongside our plans we are building this enormous studio - Crown Works studios - and this is a big part of that overall plan, to create content that is developed, that is written, that is starring talent and voices from the region and give a voice back to a region that I think has been lost."

He also hinted its familiar theme tune - written by North East group The Kane Gang - "could do with a little update".

McPartlin and Donnelly will also integrate their Prince's Trust Making It In Media course into the production to help give experience to local young people.

Saturday Night Takeaway was just one of a number of shows fronted by the pair, including Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! and Britain's Got Talent.

The original filming location of "The Grove" was Benwell Towers in Newcastle

The pair - who have won the National Television Awards best TV presenter category every year since 2001 - moved into primetime after working on children's TV shows such as the Ant and Dec Show and SM:TV Live, prompted by their appearances on Byker Grove.

As part of one storyline on the drama their alter egos PJ and Duncan performed a song, which led them in real life into the world of music.

They recorded two albums in their characters' names and over four years had 14 Top 20 hits, with the most famous - Let's Get Ready to Rhumble - nominated for a Brit Award.

The final episode of Byker Grove in 2006 saw the characters realising they were actors in a TV show, before a T-Rex showed up, ate some mummies and was then shot by a spaceship.

It concluded with all the characters - and the Byker Grove building - seemingly being blown up by explosives.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Chris Heaton-Harris set Northern Ireland departmental budgets in the continued absence of an Executive

The Police Federation has accused the Northern Ireland secretary of being uncaring about the PSNI's financial problems.

He declined an invite to its annual conference and two requests for meetings.

It said his failure to meet was testament to an "out-of-touch UK government and secretary of state who seemingly couldn't care less".

The federation is holding its conference in Limavady.

It also criticised "stop-start" government at Stormont and said collapsing the executive is like "throwing the toys out of the pram".

The event has been taking place at a time when the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) voiced grave concerns about budget pressures which have resulted in fewer officers.

Last month, the Policing Board was told that a £140m black hole meant more savings would have to be found, including a further reduction in officer numbers.

It currently represents 6,700 officers, the lowest number since the PSNI was formed in 2001.

Northern Ireland has been without a functioning government since February 2022, when the DUP walked out of the first minister's role in protest against the Northern Ireland Protocol.

Sinn Féin won the largest number of seats in last year's assembly election, but no new power-sharing executive could be formed due to the DUP's ongoing boycott.

In a speech at the conference, the chair of the federation, Liam Kelly, was strongly critical of Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris, the man who set Northern Ireland departmental budgets in the continued absence of an Executive.

Liam Kelly said that two requests for meetings to discuss police finances with the Secretary of State were also declined

Policing is a devolved matter and the PSNI receives the vast majority of its £750m funding from the Department of Justice.

Mr Kelly said the federation had received a "thanks-but-no-thanks" reply to his invitation.

He added that two requests for meetings to discuss police finances with Mr Heaton-Harris had also been declined.

"It is a real pity he is not here because I would have liked him to hear at first hand of disappointments, frustrations and anger," Mr Kelly told the conference.

He said the PSNI was being treated "shoddily" compared to forces in England and Wales where officer numbers have risen.

He went on to claim that the track record of Northern Ireland politicians "is every bit as disappointing" and that policing is "way down" the list of priorities.

Mr Kelly said Stormont "is not working".

Pointing to the collapse of devolution, he added: "There has to be a better way of sorting out difficulties over the Northern Ireland Protocol, and before that crises such as RHI (Renewable Heat Incentive scheme), without throwing the toys out of the pram.

"Selective withdrawals from the Executive can no longer be tolerated.

"If it means going back to the drawing board to remove vetoes then so be it."

In response a Northern Ireland Office spokesperson said: "Policing in NI, and police funding, are primarily devolved matters. It is for the devolved administration to determine the allocation of funding to the PSNI from the Northern Ireland Executive (NIE) block grant. The prioritisation of police resourcing is the responsibility of the Department of Justice, working with the wider NIE."

Linda Nolan said she was not giving up and was "staying positive"

Singer Linda Nolan has revealed her cancer has spread to her brain, in her fourth diagnosis with the disease.

Part of the singing group The Nolans, alongside her sisters, Linda, 64, told Good Morning Britain she was diagnosed last week.

"Obviously that's very frightening because there isn't much help for brain cancer at the moment, apart from radiotherapy which I'm going to be having."

She said she will take a "wonder drug".

The singer did not name it, but added: "There is a new drug that's been in use for a year for brain cancer and we're going to try me on that as a chemo drug, with some other treatment."

The Nolan sisters, pictured during the late 70s: Linda, Anne, Bernie and Maureen

She and her sisters, Bernie, Maureen, Anne, Coleen and Denise, formed a singing group during the 70s. enjoying a string of hits, including 1979's I'm in the Mood for Dancing and Don't Make Waves.

Less fortunately, they have also had to deal with diagnoses of cancer many times in their family.

Linda was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2006; it returned in her hip in 2017. Then in 2020, she was told it had spread to her liver. Her husband, Brian, died of skin cancer in 2007.

Two of her sisters were also diagnosed with breast cancer - Bernie, who died in 2013 aged 52, and Anne who has been diagnosed twice but is now in remission.

Linda, who has appeared on Loose Women and Celebrity Big Brother in recent times, said it was "scary".

"I'm not giving up, I'm positive," she insisted. Acknowledging that she would be losing her hair for a fourth time because of chemotherapy, she said one of her sisters had joked: "At least you've got some nice wigs!"

Nonetheless, she added it was a "really, really scary trip to be on, this one".

She said she realised something was wrong after she experienced some "quite nasty falls" and is now using a wheelchair and staying with her sister Denise.

The Nolan Sisters pictured in 2012 (L-R: Linda, Coleen, Bernie and Maureen)

The singer had been hoping that it was "something to do with my spine" as "my speech hadn't been affected or my vision.

"I wasn't getting headaches - so, really, it was a shock that the doctor said, 'it's in your brain'."

"The hope is that [the drug she is using] will do wonders for me, please God."

She added that she was determined to get out and about in her wheelchair, rather than sit at home and "feel sorry for myself".

She told Good Morning Britain, she was getting fresh air and "making the most of every day - and spending it with people I love".

However, she did feel "angry" at getting cancer again, she said.

"There's moments where I am in a heap in the corner, crying. I try not to say 'why me?' because why not me?"

"You know, there's so many people who are suffering with this terrible disease, but I think I talk about it, and I always have.

"Maybe I can help somebody who is on their own and say: 'It's OK to cry, it's OK to feel angry, it's OK to feel sorry for yourself - but just don't let it overtake you.'"

She added that she and her sisters had been tested for the BRCA1 cancer gene - which can leave women at a higher risk of ovarian and breast cancer - but they did not have it.

"The professor at the genetic testing [centre] said there will be a gene somewhere, they just haven't found it yet."

The fund was set up just before Dame Deborah James' death in June 2022, and raised more than £3.5m in a week

A fund set up by campaigner Dame Deborah James, who died last year, has raised £11.3m for cancer research.

Bowelbabe was set up in May 2022, a month before her death, to raise money for Cancer Research UK with an initial target of £250,000.

It raised £3.5m in less than a week, with the then Duke and Duchess of Cambridge among those donating.

Cancer Research UK says the funds would go to new projects aimed at advancing research into the disease.

Dame Deborah was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016 at the age of 35 and became an outspoken campaigner, encouraging people to check for signs of the deadly disease.

The host of the BBC's You, Me and the Big C podcast was praised for her no-nonsense approach to talking about cancer, having shared her experiences of treatment and daily life since her diagnosis.

A deputy head teacher, Dame Deborah started a cancer blog, before writing for the Sun and becoming a BBC broadcaster.

At the time of the fund's launch, she announced she was receiving end-of-life care and would be looked after at her parents' home in Surrey.

The mother-of-two, who was made a Dame by the then Duke of Cambridge for her fundraising efforts, died last June aged 40.

Cancer Research UK said the fund would continue to raise money.

Initial funds would go to a range of projects focused on the prevention and treatment of bowel cancer.

One study will look at laying the foundations for new precision treatment that could stop bowel cancer spread. It will be led by Professor Trevor Graham, director of the Centre for Evolution and Cancer at the Institute of Cancer Research, London.

Another project, involving a team of leading scientists, will look at targeting microbes that might cause bowel cancer.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Remembering Dame Deborah James: 'One of those special people'

This team has already discovered a type of bacteria that increases the risk of bowel cancer in some people under 50 and is exploring whether it might be possible to target these bacteria to reduce bowel cancer risk.

A further project, led by Dr Oleg Blyuss from Queen Mary University of London, will look at using artificial intelligence and blood tests to detect the earliest signs of cancer.

At the Royal Marsden cancer hospital in London, an advanced IR X-ray machine will also offer better imaging resolution that will allow more patients to be treated.

The projects announced on Wednesday, collectively totalling around £4m, are the first round of funding, with more projects due to be confirmed later this year.

Dame Deborah's husband, Sebastien Bowen, said he was "immensely proud and humbled" to be able to continue his wife's work.

"As a family, we've been overwhelmed by all the support the fund has received, and to raise £11.3m is just incredible," he said.

Dame Deborah James received her Damehood in May 2022, the month before she died

"We've taken some time to select the first round of funded projects, and are pleased to announce them."

Chief executive of Cancer Research UK Michelle Mitchell said Dame Deborah was a "force of nature", and said the "overwhelming support the fund" has received was a testament "to how many lives she touched".

"The fund will be fuelled by Deborah's spirit of rebellious hope," she added.

If you have been affected by any of these issues in this story you can visit BBC Action Line.

Lord Sentamu claimed the letter he was sent by the victim was not a disclosure

The former Archbishop of York has been forced to step down from his Church of England role after a review into how he handled a child sex abuse allegation.

Lord Sentamu has already rejected the report's findings which said he failed to act on a claim made by a victim.

He had been an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Newcastle.

The Bishop of Newcastle has asked him to step back from active ministry "until both the findings and his response can be explored further".

The Church has apologised to retired vicar Matthew Ineson, who was 16 when he was abused in the 1980s and has waived his legal right to anonymity.

His abuser, the Reverend Trevor Devamanikkam, killed himself before he was due to appear in court.

In 2013, Mr Ineson told senior clergy about the abuse, including Lord Sentamu who was then Archbishop of York.

Devamanikkam was charged with six serious sexual offences in May 2017. He was found dead the day before he was due to appear at court in Bradford.

On Thursday, an independent review commissioned by the National Safeguarding Team of the Church of England found Lord Sentamu should have sought advice when the victim made his disclosure.

On Saturday, the Diocese of Newcastle released a statement which said in light of the findings the Bishop of Newcastle Helen-Ann Hartley "required Lord Sentamu... to step back from active ministry until both the findings and his response can be explored further".

It added: "The Archbishop of York, Stephen Cottrell, is fully supportive of this decision.

"The Diocese of Newcastle remains committed to the highest standards of safeguarding which seeks always to place victims and survivors at the heart of this vital work."

The Church of England's lead bishop for safeguarding, Joanne Grenfell, told BBC Radio 4's Sunday programme those within the organisation needed to be answerable to each other.

"We all have a bigger, moral duty when it comes to a safeguarding matter to really look at it, to refer it, to ask questions, to hold each other to account, to be curious about how things have concluded," she said.

"Because of that moral imperative, I think all of us today with good training would know that we need to act differently."

Lord Sentamu of Lindisfarne was commissioned as honorary assistant bishop for Newcastle in June 2021, a year after he stood down as archbishop.

He has been approached for comment.

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Stockton Rush III was born in California in 1962 into a family that made its fortune from oil and shipping.

Stockton Rush wanted to be known as an innovator. It didn't seem to matter how he did it.

Bright, driven, born into wealth, his dream was to be the first person to reach Mars.

When he realised that was unlikely to happen in his lifetime, he turned his attentions to the sea.

"I wanted to be Captain Kirk and in our lifetime, the final frontier is the ocean," he told a journalist in 2017.

The ocean promised adventure, adrenaline and mystery. He also believed it promised profits - if he could make a success of the submersible he helped design, which he directed his company OceanGate to build.

He had a maverick spirit that seemed to draw people in, earning him the admiration of his employees, passengers and investors.

"His passion was amazing and I bought into it," said Aaron Newman, who travelled on Mr Rush's Titan sub and eventually became an OceanGate investor.

But Mr Rush's soaring ambition also drew scrutiny from industry experts who warned he was cutting corners, putting innovation ahead of safety and risking potentially catastrophic results.

It wasn't something he was willing to accept.

Last week, he and four other people on board the Titan lost their lives when it imploded.

"You're remembered for the rules you break," Mr Rush once said, quoting US general Douglas MacArthur.

"I've broken some rules," he said about the Titan. "I think I've broken them with logic and good engineering behind me."

Stockton Rush III was born in California in 1962 into a family that made its fortune from oil and shipping.

He was sent to a prestigious boarding school, the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, and went on to earn a bachelor's degree in aerospace engineering from Princeton University in 1984.

At 19, he became the youngest pilot in the world to qualify for jet transport rating, the highest pilot rating obtainable. He worked on F-15s and anti-satellite missile programmes, with the hope of eventually joining the US space programme and being an astronaut.

But eventually that ambition lost its appeal, as a trip to the Red Planet seemed increasingly out of reach.

"If someone would tell me what the commercial or military reason to go to Mars is, I would believe it's going to happen," Mr Rush told Fast Company magazine. "It's just a dream."

So he shifted his gaze downward and in 2009 founded OceanGate, a private company that offered customers - Mr Rush preferred the term "adventurers" - a chance to experience deep sea travel, including to the wreck of the Titanic.

Jessica Parker explores how the search for the Titan submersible unfolded and its devastating outcome.

The company, based in Everett in Washington state, was small and tight-knit. Rush would chair all-staff meetings at its headquarters, while his wife Wendy - another member of Princeton's class of 1984 - was his director of communications.

A junior employee who worked at OceanGate from 2017 to 2018, and asked not to be identified, said the company headquarters felt homey and lived-in, with wiring and equipment seemingly everywhere. "It was very free-flowing."

"He was just really passionate about what he was doing and very good at instilling that passion into everybody else that worked there," the employee told the BBC.

At one staff meeting, Mr Rush brought virtual reality goggles for everyone to take a digital underwater tour. Mr Rush told them that this is what they were aiming for - to allow more people to have this view. "This is the world I want," he told them.

Mr Rush was "not a leader from the back, telling people what to do - he led from the front", said Mr Newman, the investor.

Mr Newman went on the Titan with Mr Rush to see the wreck of the Titanic in the summer of 2021.

The first time they met, Mr Rush "spent hours" talking with him about the potential of exploring the bottom of the ocean.

Mr Rush "followed his own path", Mr Newman said.

Mr Newman's recollection of OceanGate was of a team that looked out for each other.

And Mr Rush's wife, Wendy, was "up at the top, looking over his shoulder, making sure that he was doing everything perfectly and not cutting corners or skipping things", he said.

Mr Newman was so taken by Mr Rush that he decided to invest in OceanGate. "You know, I didn't know if I'd ever see any return or not. That was not the point," he said.

"The point was to be part of something that's experimental and is breaking new ground, and pushing forward our technology, and how the world works, and going places and doing amazing things, that's what this is about."

Mr Newman described himself as a minor investor. As a private company, OceanGate is not obliged to publish all financial records. US financial records from January 2020 show that Mr Rush and his fellow directors sold a stake in the company worth $18m, thought to have been used to fund the development of Titan.

To recoup the costs, OceanGate's sub, "well-lit and comfortable," the company said, came with a price tag of $250,000 (£195,600) for an underwater trip.

Mr Rush's clients were uber-rich thrill seekers, willing to part with that sum for a once-in-a-lifetime adventure.

Las Vegas businessman Jay Bloom had been messaging Mr Rush about joining a dive, before finally turning down a seat for himself and his son on the fatal excursion.

He said the chance to see the wreck up close would have been a "bucket-list" experience. It was about being able to say "you did something very few people have the opportunity to do", he said.

Despite the large sums of money involved, OceanGate equipment sometimes had a home-made feel.

The former junior employee told the BBC he was surprised to find that Titan's electrical design included off-the-shelf development boards, as opposed to using a custom, in-house design like other engineering companies.

David Pogue, a CBS News journalist who joined Mr Rush on a trip to the Titanic wreck in 2021, said the chief executive drove the Titan with a game controller and used "rusty lead pipes from the construction industry as ballast".

Yet Mr Rush assured Mr Pogue that only thing that really mattered was the vessel's hull, built from an unusual and largely untested material for a deep sea vessel: carbon fibre, with titanium end plates.

Mr Rush knew carbon fibre was used successfully in yachts and aviation, and believed it would allow for his submersible to made more cheaply than industry-standard steels ones.

"There's a rule you don't do that," said Mr Rush in 2021. "Well, I did."

The tube shape of the Titan was also unusual. The hull of a deep-diving sub is usually spherical, which means it receives an equal amount of pressure at every point, but the Titan had a cylinder-shaped cabin. OceanGate gave it sensors to analyse the effects of changing pressure as it descended.

The glass viewport, from which passengers could see out, was only certified down to 1,300m, far short of the depths of the ocean floor where the Titantic wreck lay.

Rob McCallum, an explorer who acted as a consultant for OceanGate, became concerned when Mr Rush decided against getting official certification for the submersible.

Subs can be certified or "classed" by marine organisations, like the American Bureau of Shipping or Lloyd's Register, meaning the vehicle must meet certain standards on things like stability, strength, safety and performance. But this process is not mandatory.

In emails to Mr Rush in March 2018, seen by BBC News, Mr McCallum said: "You are wanting to use a prototype un-classed technology in a very hostile place. As much as I appreciate entrepreneurship and innovation, you are potentially putting an entire industry at risk.

"4,000m down in the mid-Atlantic is not the kind of place you can cut corners."

Mr Rush, apparently indignant, responded that he was "tired of industry players who try to use a safety argument to stop innovation".

Safety was "about culture, not paperwork", he said. He talked of needing "sensible design, extensive testing, and informed consent of the participants", but said a piece of paper did not guarantee the safety of a sub.

While he admitted deviating from some guidelines, such as "overly conservative" viewport limits, he argued the Titan's safety systems were "way beyond" anything else in use.

He wrote: "I know that our engineering focused, innovative approach (as opposed to an existing standards compliance-focused design process) flies in the face of the submersible orthodoxy, but that is the nature of innovation."

The tense exchange ended after OceanGate's lawyers threatened legal action, Mr McCallum said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

But Mr McCallum was not the only person linked to the company to speak out about safety.

Just a few months earlier, former OceanGate employee David Lochridge raised concerns in an inspection report which identified "numerous issues that posed serious safety concerns", including how the hull had been tested.

Also in 2018, the Marine Technology Society sent a letter to OceanGate accusing it of making misleading claims about its design exceeding established industry safety standards, and warned that OceanGate's "experimental" approach could result in "negative outcomes (from minor to catastrophic)".

In a blog post in 2019, Mr Rush insisted that the majority of marine accidents were down to operator error. He said OceanGate took safety requirements very seriously, but that keeping an outside body informed on every modification before it was tested in a real-word setting was "anathema to rapid innovation".

The former employee told the BBC that while he had worked at OceanGate, he had felt confident in Mr Rush's commitment to safety.

"Rush was very level-headed, he knew what needed to be done," he said. "He went on every sub dive, he was the pilot for every single one, and that's because he trusted the safety of the sub."

Mr Newman told the BBC the sub might not have been certified, but it was tested extensively. Mr Rush "introduced new ideas and new pieces that are not conventional, and some people don't like that", he said.

"The idea that this is something that's unique and Stockton did something wrong is disingenuous," he said.

Mr Rush himself told CBS reporter Mr Pogue last year that "if you just want to be safe, don't get out of bed".

"Don't get in your car. Don't do anything. At some point, you're going to take some risk, and it really is a risk-reward question. I think I can do this just as safely by breaking the rules," he said.

The question is why despite other successful dives, the sub's final trip ended in tragedy, Mr Newman said.

"Clearly, the pressure hull gave way, right? And the question is, why would that give way?"

Guillermo Söhnlein, a co-founder of OceanGate and Rush's former business partner, said he would not have taken a different approach himself.

"The human submersible community globally is very small, and we all know each other, and I think generally we all respect each other's opinions.

"The bottom line is that everyone's got different opinions on how subs should be designed," said Mr Söhnlein.

After his son also raised fears about the sub, Jay Bloom declined Mr Rush's invitation.

"I am sure he really believed what he was saying," Mr Bloom said. "But he was very wrong."

Sometimes a gathering of the Liaison Committee can provide parliamentary fireworks - but today's session was relatively sedate.

For most of the 90 minutes, the prime minister faced gently probing questions and gave detailed if largely unsurprising answers.

Rishi Sunak denied his policy to tackle small boat crossings had stalled, insisted the government was committed to building enough houses and defended his approach to reducing inflation. The PM managed to gloss over the controversial topic of Boris Johnson's resignation honours list.

An exchange with Labour's Sir Chris Bryant provided one of the more dramatic moments.

Sunak was riled by the MP's questions about his attitude to Parliament. The PM couldn't answer when any of his predecessors had missed two PMQs sessions in a row, as he is expected to this month, but asked if the MP would prefer him not to attend a Nato summit for example.

As ever with these sessions where several subjects are covered in a limited time, often just as things were getting interesting the chair said it was time for the next topic.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board the Titan

All five passengers on board the missing Titan submersible are dead, the US Coast Guard has confirmed.

Officials say they found parts of the vessel amidst debris near the wreckage of the Titanic.

The debris was consistent with the "catastrophic implosion of the vessel", Rear Admiral John Mauger said on Thursday.

The CEO of the submersible company, a British billionaire explorer, a French diver and a father and son were all on board.

Mr Mauger said he could not confirm whether their bodies would be recovered because of the "incredibly unforgiving environment" of the ocean.

Here is what we know about them.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: OceanGate boss Stockton Rush on his passion for the seas - and for taking risks

Stockton Rush was the chief executive of OceanGate, the firm which runs the Titanic voyages, and the company confirmed he was on board.

He was an experienced engineer who had previously designed an experimental aircraft and worked on other small submersible vessels.

Mr Rush founded the company in 2009, offering customers a chance to experience deep sea travel, and made global headlines in 2021 when it began offering trips to the site of the Titanic wreck.

For $250,000 (£195,600), his company offers passengers the opportunity to get an up-close glimpse of what remains of the famous ship.

Participants travel some 370 miles (595km) on a larger ship to the area above the wreck site, then do an eight-hour dive to the Titanic on a truck-sized submersible known as Titan.

Speaking to the New York Times in 2022, he defended the business model, and said the ticket price was a "fraction of the cost of going to space and it's very expensive for us to get these ships and go out there".

A 2017 feature written for the website of Princeton University, where he studied, reported that Mr Rush goes on every OceanGate dive.

Mr Rush was married to Wendy Rush, who is the great-great-granddaughter of Isidor and Ida Straus, who died in the Titanic wreck after letting women and children escape before them.

Mike Reiss, a writer and producer of The Simpsons, went on a Titanic dive in a different OceanGate submersible with Mr Rush. He said the CEO was a "magnetic man", the New York Times reported, adding that he was "the last of the American dreamers".

Hamish Harding has flown to space and visited the South Pole

The British adventurer ran Action Aviation, a Dubai-based private jet dealership, and completed several exploration feats.

He visited the South Pole multiple times - once with former astronaut Buzz Aldrin - and flew into space in 2022 on board Blue Origin's fifth human-crewed flight.

He held three Guinness World Records, including longest time spent at full ocean depth during a dive to the deepest part of the Mariana Trench.

In summer 2022, he told Business Aviation Magazine that he grew up in Hong Kong, qualified as a pilot in the mid-1980s while studying at Cambridge, and set up his aircraft firm after making money in banking software.

He said the Titanic dive had been meant to take place in June 2022 but was delayed because "the submersible was unfortunately damaged on its previous dive". He said no-one was injured in the incident.

Asked about his appetite for exploration, he said: "My view is that these are all calculated risks and are well understood before we start."

Last weekend, he said on Facebook that the mission was "likely to be the first and only in 2023" because of poor weather conditions in Newfoundland, Canada, where the missions set off from.

Later, his stepson Brian Szasz said in a now-deleted post on Facebook that his stepfather "has gone missing on (the) submarine".

Friend David Mearns, a marine scientist and expedition leader, described Mr Harding as a "very charming guy" who was attracted to extreme adventures.

Patrick Woodhead, founder of British tour operator White Desert Antarctica, said Mr Harding was an "incredible" aviation explorer, and that his thoughts and prayers were with Mr Harding's wife, Linda, and his sons.

Terry Virts, a retired Nasa astronaut, said his friend was the "quintessential British explorer" who loved adventure and exploring, but was not an adrenaline junkie.

"Some people watch Netflix, some people play golf, and Hamish goes to the bottom of the ocean, or into space, and he's set world records flying around the planet," he told BBC Radio 4 Today's programme.

Lucy Cosnett, Mr Harding's cousin and goddaughter, called for a full investigation into his death as she described him as a "lovely caring person".

"When I read they had heard banging noises I was feeling hopeful that maybe it was coming from the submersible. But then yesterday was the worst when I heard that he didn't make it, that they all died," she said.

"There should have been more safety checks done. The company OceanGate should have done more… it should be fully investigated, to see what went wrong, why it happened, why they didn't survive."

Ms Cosnett added she was also feeling sad that she would not be able to wish her godfather a happy birthday as he would have turned 59 years old this weekend.

Mr Harding - along with Paul-Henry Nargeolet who was also on board - was a member of the Explorers Club, a little known century-old exploration group whose members have included Sir Edmund Hillary and Amelia Earhart.

Its president, Richard Garriott de Cayeux, said Mr Harding's excitement over the expedition had been palpable during a meeting at last week's Global Exploration Summit.

British businessman Shahzada Dawood was from one of Pakistan's richest families. He was travelling on the sub with his son Suleman, a student.

Mr Dawood lived with his wife, Christine, and other child, Alina, in Surbiton, south-west London. The family were spending a month in Canada prior to the dive.

Shahzada was vice-chairman of Pakistani conglomerate Engro Corporation, which is a large fertiliser firm.

He worked with his family's Dawood Foundation, as well as the SETI Institute, a California-based research organisation which searches for extra-terrestrial life.

Shahzada was also a supporter of two charities founded by King Charles III - the British Asian Trust and the Prince's Trust International.

A Palace spokesperson previously said the King's "thoughts and prayers" were with all those onboard.

Will Straw, the chief executive officer of Prince's Trust International, said he was "deeply saddened by this terrible news".

The British Asian Trust said it was an "unfathomable tragedy".

"We try to find solace in the enduring legacy of humility and humanity that they have left behind and find comfort in the belief that they passed on to the next leg of their spiritual journey hand-in-hand, father and son," a spokesperson for the trust added.

Shahzada's family said he was interested in "exploring different natural habitats", and had previously spoken at both the United Nations and Oxford Union.

He studied in Philadelphia, in the US, and the University of Buckingham in England, where he graduated in 1998.

Suleman was a student at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, where he had just completed his first year at the university's Business School.

Following news of his and his father's death, Suleman's aunt told NBC News the 19-year-old had said he felt "terrified" about the trip, but wanted to please his dad.

A family statement described the teenager as a "big fan of science fiction literature and learning new things", and having an interest in Rubik's cubes and playing volleyball.

He recently graduated from ACS International School Cobham in Surrey, according to local media reports.

The university's principal and vice-chancellor, Prof Sir Jim McDonald, wrote to students to inform them that Suleman was in the missing sub.

He said the student wellbeing team was available to support those affected by the news.

The plight of Suleman and his fellow passengers had been raised at First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament.

First Minister Humza Yousaf said: "My thoughts are very much with the families and the communities that are affected."

Paul-Henry Nargeolet was a diver in the French Navy

Also on board was Mr Nargeolet, a former French Navy diver.

Nicknamed Mr Titanic, he reportedly spent more time at the wreck than any other explorer and was part of the first expedition to visit it in 1987, just two years after it was found.

He was director of underwater research at a company that owns the rights to the Titanic wreck.

According to a company profile, Mr Nargeolet supervised the recovery of thousands of Titanic artefacts, including the "big piece", a 20-tonne section of the boat's hull.

Family spokesman Mathieu Johann described Mr Nargeolet as a "super-hero for us in France".

"He is the world specialist on the Titanic, its conception, the shipwreck, he has dived in four corners of the world," he told Reuters.

Éric Derrien, director at Genavir, a subsidiary of the French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea, where Mr Nargeolet had worked for more than 10 years, said staff "shared the grief of his family and friends".

"We are deeply saddened by the death of this insatiable explorer of the ocean, who left his mark on Genavir. His dives will remain engraved in the memory of French oceanography," he said.

"We would also like to extend our sincerest condolences to the families of the Titan's other passengers."

Shortly before boarding the sub, Mr Nargeolet said he had been looking forward to an expedition next year to recover objects from the wreck, he added.

Mr Nargeolet's wife, Anne, who is French, lives in Connecticut, while his children live outside of France, according to Reuters.

Sign up for our UK morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Do you know anyone involved with the Titanic submersible? Have you been or worked on a similar expedition? Share with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Rahul Gandhi speaks to the media in Delhi on Saturday, a day after being disqualified from parliament

The leader of Indian's opposition Congress party Rahul Gandhi has said his disqualification by parliament was politically motivated.

On Friday, India's parliament stripped Mr Gandhi of his MP status a day after he was sentenced to two years in prison in a defamation case.

He was convicted by the court for 2019 comments about PM Narendra Modi's surname at an election rally.

The governing BJP says his expulsion conformed with parliamentary rules.

A 2013 Supreme Court order says that a lawmaker convicted in a crime and sentenced to two or more years in jail stands disqualified from the parliament with immediate effect.

Speaking at a news briefing on Saturday, Mr Gandhi said: "It makes me no difference if I'm disqualified... Disqualify me for life.... I will keep going, I will not stop."

Although India's opposition parties don't always agree on political issues, many of them have supported Mr Gandhi over his disqualification. On Friday, 14 parties approached the Supreme Court, alleging that the federal government was misusing investigative agencies to target BJP's opponents.

Congress president Mallikarjun Kharge alleged that the action against Mr Gandhi was a consequence of his demand for a parliamentary investigation to probe allegations against the Adani Group.

The huge conglomerate was accused of decades of "brazen" stock manipulation and accounting fraud by US-based short-seller Hindenburg Research earlier this year. The Adani Group has denied allegations of financial fraud.

"My job as I see it is to defend the democratic nature of this country," Mr Gandhi said after his disqualification.

"That means defending the institutions of this country, that means defending the voice of the poor people of this country, that means telling the people of this country the truth about people like Mr Adani, who are basically exploiting the relationship they have with the prime minister," he said.

"I was disqualified because Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scared of my next speech on Adani... I can see it in his eyes."

Mr Gandhi's supporters say his disqualification is a sign that India's democratic system is weakening, and more protests against the government are planned in the coming days.

He will not be allowed to take part in national elections due next year, unless his sentence is suspended or he is acquitted in the case.

The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), however, said the decision to disqualify Mr Gandhi was in accordance with parliamentary laws, and criticised his party for questioning the verdict.

Federal Labour Minister Bhupender Yadav said Mr Gandhi had insulted members of the caste grouping known as Other Backward Classes (OBC) under which the name "Modi" falls.

"Insulting any surname is not freedom of speech," he said.

But some experts have questioned the severity of Mr Gandhi's sentence.

Joyojeet Pal, an associate professor of information at the University of Michigan, said that it was "highly unusual" for a first-time offender like Mr Gandhi to be given the maximum possible punishment of two years' imprisonment.

"Both low-level politicians and parliamentarians in India are known to engage in extreme speech on social media and in their public meetings. A conviction of this scale, with the consequence of removing the primary challenger to Modi, is practically unheard of," Prof Pal added.

Sleaze. It's a big word, and it gets lobbed around at Westminster rather a lot.

It tends to refer to alleged wrongdoing, often financial or moral.

The thing is, it can take in everything from an MP who ends up in jail - think the MPs' expenses scandal just for starters - to alleged procedural or administrative cock-ups that are soon forgotten.

So how big a deal is the investigation into the prime minister by the parliamentary commissioner for standards?

On the Richter scale of these things, it feels like a rather minor tremor. Think a few loose roof tiles rather than anything much more.

There are two things at the crux of this.

The first is what Rishi Sunak chose to say, and, crucially, not to say, in front of what is known as the Liaison Committee of MPs at the end of last month.

He was asked explicitly, by the Labour MP Catherine McKinnell, "there is nothing as prime minister you wish to declare?".

And he did not at that point refer to a childcare company his wife Akshata Murty has shares in which looks likely to benefit from this spring's Budget.

"All of my disclosures are declared in the normal way," Mr Sunak replied.

But in announcing his investigation, the website of the standards commissioner, Daniel Greenberg, pointed to a particular rule in the code of conduct of MPs, stating that "members must always be open and frank in declaring any relevant interest in any proceeding of the House or its Committees, and in any communications with ministers, members, public officials or public office holders".

The implication being that the prime minister should have referred explicitly to his wife's shareholding in front of the committee.

The added twist here, a symptom of the chaos at Westminster in the last year or so, is the Register of Ministerial Interests, which has conventionally been updated around every six months, hasn't seen the light of day since last May.

So when the prime minister said to the Liaison Committee, as he did, that his "disclosures are declared in the normal way" they haven't actually been published.

He has said he has informed officials in the Cabinet Office, but whatever he told them, and they told him about whether it should be explicitly registered, has not been publicly declared.

Incidentally, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer found himself in a run-in with the parliamentary commissioner for standards last summer.

It was Mr Greenberg's predecessor then, Kathryn Stone.

She found he had breached the MPs' Code of Conduct eight times, describing the breaches as "minor and/or inadvertent" over declarations that were late.

Sir Keir apologised. The row very quickly blew over.

The prime minister will hope his encounter with Mr Greenberg is also quickly forgotten about, although it will increase the scrutiny of Ms Murty's other business interests and the declarations relating to them.

It is a reminder for Downing Street of another two things: the inevitable stories, borne of intrigue and fascination, relating to the Sunaks' vast wealth, of which this is the latest.

And that if you say on your first day in the job of prime minister, almost six months ago now, that your government will be defined by "integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level", you bet people will hold you to it.

President Erdogan says Sweden has promised to hand over 73 people

Nato has formally launched the process to bring Sweden and Finland into its military alliance. But a key condition for Nato member Turkey is the handover of more than 70 people described by its president as terrorists.

The leaders of the two Nordic nations say they are taking the issue seriously, but ultimately extradition is up to the courts not politicians. So who does Turkey want and could they ever be deported to Ankara?

Sweden and Finland applied to join the West's defensive alliance after Russia launched its war in Ukraine. Turkey was the only one of Nato's 30 member states to block their bids until the two Nordic states agreed to a set of demands - including handing over individuals with alleged terror links.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Handshakes as Turkey signs agreement to support Finland and Sweden joining Nato

Under a memorandum signed at a Nato summit last week, Finland and Sweden agreed to address Turkey's "pending deportation or extradition requests of terror suspects expeditiously and thoroughly", with "bilateral legal frameworks to facilitate extradition".

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Sweden had promised to extradite 73 "terrorists" and had already sent three or four of them. Pro-government Turkish daily Hurriyet published a list of 45 people, including 33 sought from Sweden and 12 from Finland.

Turkey is particularly keen on the handover of individuals it considers linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), considered a terror group by the EU, US and UK. It is also after followers of exiled Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulenists are blamed by Turkey for a failed coup against President Erdogan in 2016.

The BBC has spoken to three of the people sought by Turkey.

For years, he was editor-in-chief of Today's Zaman, a major English-language daily in Turkey, before it was shut down in 2016. Now, he lives in exile in Stockholm.

Turkish authorities accuse him of being part of the Gulen movement, or what they call the Fethullah Terrorist Organisation (Feto). It is known for its network of schools and is not considered a terror group in the EU, UK or US.

Mr Kenes said he became a target for his outspoken criticism of President Erdogan and faced accusations of plotting to topple the government: "All the allegations are fabricated. I am an independent journalist with no affiliations with any organisation."

He was given a suspended jail term in 2015 for "insulting the president", in a tweet that said Mr Erdogan's late mother would be ashamed of him.

Insulting President Erdogan remains a common charge today, with 17 journalists and cartoonists put on trial in the first three months of 2022, according to independent Turkish organisation Bianet.

The deal struck by the countries' leaders says Sweden and Finland will support Turkey in its fight against terrorism

Bulent Kenes believes he has become a bargaining chip between Mr Erdogan and Sweden in Nato negotiations.

He is not particularly afraid of being extradited, as that would be a "betrayal of Sweden's own values" of democracy and protecting dissidents. "This is not a test for the Erdogan regime... this is a test for the Swedish authorities," he said.

Others on Turkey's list are far less prominent. Fatih, a Finnish Kurd, was part of a group of five young men who set fire to the door of the Turkish embassy in 2008.

Now a 37-year-old business owner and entrepreneur, he told the BBC he regretted what he did: "At that time, my life was messed up, I had many kinds of problems."

He was surprised to find his name on the list as he finished serving a 14-month suspended sentence long ago - and paid damages to the embassy. Finnish authorities granted him citizenship a few years ago and considered the embassy case closed, he said.

One person in the embassy was injured in the 2008 attack on the Turkish embassy in Helsinki

Turkey accuses him of being a member of the militant PKK, which calls for greater Kurdish self-governance and is involved in an armed struggle with the Turkish state.

Fatih said he had no ties or ideological connections to the PKK, and believed he was targeted purely because of his Kurdish background.

Kurds make up 15-20% of Turkey's population but have faced persecution in Turkey for generations. The government in Ankara is trying to ban the pro-Kurdish HDP party, the third biggest in parliament.

While Fatih did not believe he would be extradited as a Finnish citizen, he feared harassment in the local Turkish community or possible arrest abroad at Turkey's request. He said he was very sad that Finland was having to "fight for him".

Aysen Furhoff came to Sweden after serving five years of a life sentence in Turkey for trying to "subvert the constitutional order" when she was 17 and a member of the Turkish Communist Party. She said she was offered protection in Sweden after being tortured in jail.

Now 45, she lives in Stockholm with her husband and daughter and works as a teacher, and insists she is no longer involved in Turkish politics.

Aysen Furhoff says she is disappointed with Sweden's decision to sign a deal with Mr Erdogan

"I left Turkey 20 years ago. If I get sent there, they will have no use for me. Everyone I know is either dead or in prison. That's why being on the list was surprising - who am I to them?"

Ms Furhoff says she is also being prosecuted in Turkey for being a PKK member. She admits collaborating with them for three months some 25 years ago.

While she no longer sympathises with the PKK, she denies they are a terror group and believes they should be part of discussions for a negotiated peace in Turkey.

Citing Swedish law, she is not worried about extradition but finds it hard to believe she could be an important case for Ankara.

Legal requirements in Sweden and Finland make it very hard for Turkey to extradite the kind of numbers it wants:

According to Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter, of the 33 Swedish names listed in Turkish media, 19 have already been rejected for extradition by Stockholm's Supreme Court.

"We cannot go through earlier cases that have already been processed," said Chief Justice Anders Eka.

Finland has extradited two people to Turkey out of more than a dozen requests over the past decade. The justice ministry says no new requests have been received and it has promised the Kurdish community there will be no change to the law.

If Turkey's demands are rejected, it could withdraw its support for the Nordic nations' accession to Nato, says Murat Yesiltas of pro-government think tank Seta.

Parliaments in all 30 Nato countries will need to approve Sweden and Finland as members and that includes Turkish lawmakers. So Mr Yesiltas warns it is also about the "dignity of the Turkish parliament".

Mr Erdogan is seeking to change European perceptions of the PKK, says analyst Murat Yesiltas

Other commentators suggest Ankara's push for extradition may be an Erdogan re-election strategy, or a tool to help land a US weapons sale.

There is little chance of Sweden or Finland handing over anyone on the list any time soon.

One former PKK member on the list, Cemil Aygan, has been targeted for extradition by Turkey in the past but believes Sweden's Supreme Court will stand in its way. "If Sweden were to hand me over, my life would be over," he told public broadcaster SVT.

Last updated on .From the section Plymouth

Plymouth Argyle have sacked head coach Ian Foster after just three months in the job.

The former England Under-20s boss has been in charge of the Championship club since early January after Steven Schumacher left for Stoke City.

After an initial good start, Argyle's form fell away drastically over the past two months as they won just one of 11 Championship games.

The slump has left Argyle one place and one point off the relegation places.

Director of football Neil Dewsnip and first-team coach Kevin Nancekivell will take charge of the team for the remainder of the season.

First-team coach Simon Ireland and goalkeeping coach Daryl Flahavan - who joined the club under Foster - will stay in their roles.

"Ian was hired through a thorough and extensive recruitment process and his coaching credentials really stood out when making the appointment," chairman Simon Hallett said in a statement on the club website.

"But we have to balance long-term stability against short-term decisions, and we have given Ian as long as possible to see if results could improve.

"Unfortunately, that hasn't been the case, and we feel now is the right time to make a change to give us the best chance of securing survival."

Argyle's 1-0 loss to Bristol City at Home Park on Easter Monday was their fifth successive home game without a goal. In two of those games they failed to register a shot on target, leading to calls from some supporters for Foster to go.

Foster, who left his role as Steven Gerrard's assistant at Saudi Arabian side Al-Ettifaq to take over at Argyle, was unbeaten in his first five games in charge of the side as he led Argyle to a win over Sutton United in the FA Cup and league victories over Cardiff City and Swansea City.

But following an extra-time loss to Leeds United in an FA Cup fourth-round replay, a 2-0 win at Middlesbrough and two draws were the only positive results in the following 11 league games.

Immediately after the Bristol City loss, Foster said he had had no discussions with the Argyle board about his future in the role, or any concerns that the club might seek a new head coach.

"Nobody's happy when you don't win a game of football - this is our lives and our livelihoods," Foster told BBC Radio Devon.

"We're fighting and that's the key thing. We're not a group who take things lightly, we're not a group that give in, we're not a group who look for excuses.

"We take responsibility and we'll try our best to go again."

Foster's hand was not helped by a number of key loan players leaving soon after his arrival.

Finn Azaz was recalled by Aston Villa and sold to Middlesbrough, while Luke Cundle joined Stoke after returning to Wolves.

But he mainly brought in inexperienced youngsters on loan to replace the players he lost, while he failed to get goals out of previously free-scoring Ryan Hardie and Morgan Whittaker over the past two months.

Foster also cut an isolated figure at times. He only recently brought in a first-team coach in former Huddersfield coach Ireland - and relied heavily on the staff still at the club after Schumacher's departure.

Foster's tenure is the shortest of any permanent Argyle boss - only Steve McCall's 15-game spell in long-term caretaker charge before Neil Warnock took over between January and March 1995 was shorter.

Plymouth Argyle's decision to go with a man who had never been the number one with a men's senior side was seen as a bit of a gamble at the time.

With his success with England Under-20s and the accomplishments of other England youth coaches such as Steve Cooper and Rob Edwards, the club could be forgiven for thinking they were hiring someone who could offer similar success.

But after an initial good start, Argyle's form has faded badly. A lack of goals has been synonymous with a side that has lost its attacking impetus.

Foster was not helped by losing players such as Azaz and Cundle in January, but replacements that he knew from his time with England Under-20s like Alfie Devine and Darko Gyabi have not had the same impact.

Having seemed like shoo-ins to stay in the Championship just two months ago, Argyle must now act quickly to find a replacement that can keep them in the division less than a year after winning League One with a club record 101 points.

The grizzly population has increased around Yellowstone

A woman has been found dead on a trail near Yellowstone National Park after likely coming into contact with a grizzly bear, park officials have said.

Tracks from a grizzly were discovered close to the woman's body on Saturday near the town of West Yellowstone in Montana state, they said.

The woman was found after "an apparent bear encounter," they added, though no cause of death has been confirmed.

Days before the woman was found on Saturday, Montana's fish, wildlife and parks department warned visitors and staff of the increased danger from grizzlies and urged campers and hikers to carry bear spray and to secure food and rubbish.

Rangers issued an emergency closure of the area where the woman was found, which is popular with hikers.

Yellowstone has two main bear species - the grizzly and the black bear. While the latter is much smaller, both species are considered potentially dangerous.

The US National Park Service estimates that grizzly numbers in the greater Yellowstone area have increased from 136 in 1975 to a peak of more than 1,000 in 2021.

"Grizzly bears may range over hundreds of square miles, and the potential for conflicts with human activities, especially when food is present, makes the presence of a viable grizzly population a continuing challenge," it says.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Protests and unrest erupted in the Paris region overnight after police shot dead a 17-year-old who failed to stop when ordered to by traffic police.

Video circulating on social media shows a police officer pointing a gun at the driver of a car, before a gunshot is heard. The car then crashes to a stop.

The teenager, named as Nahel, died of bullet wounds in the chest despite help from emergency services.

The officer accused of shooting him has been detained on homicide charges.

The shooting triggered a series of protests on Tuesday night in Nanterre, the area just west of Paris where the teenager was killed. Some 31 people were arrested following the disorder.

Nahel is the second person this year in France to have been killed in a police shooting during a traffic stop. Last year, a record 13 people died in this way.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

According to French media, police initially suggested the teen drove his car towards them with the intention of hurting them.

But footage posted online and verified by the AFP news agency tells a different story.

It shows two officers at the vehicle. One points his weapon at the driver through the window and appears to fire at point-blank range as he tries to drive off.

The agency also reports that a person in the video can be heard saying "you're going to be shot in the head" - but it is unclear who says it.

Two others were in the car at the time of the shooting - one fled while another, also a minor, was arrested and held by police.

The incident sparked anger and disorder overnight, with cars and rubbish bins set alight and bus shelters destroyed. Fireworks were also set off near the police station. Riot police used tear gas to break up protesters, some of whom created barricades throughout the night.

Several incidents of unrest were also recorded in the towns of Asnières, Colombes, Suresnes, Aubervilliers, Clichy-sous-Bois and Mantes-la-Jolie.

The Nanterre shooting is set to be one of those symbolic moments that define the troubled relations between police and disaffected populations in the suburban cités, or estates.

The government can see this as well as anyone, which is why they will be treading very carefully over the next days. Gérald Darmanin, interior minister, set the tone when he said that the police action was - from the look of it - unacceptable.

The danger is that the rioting of Tuesday extends over the coming nights. Hot weather, long evenings, and the end of school term could easily combine with a sense of righteous indignation to push more youth onto the street.

The long nights of suburban rioting in 2005 have not been forgotten.

One gesture that could well be under consideration is a review of rules on gun use by police at checkpoints.

No-one disputes that refusing to stop at a traffic control is a serious offence, and that it happens too frequently. But on 13 occasions last year occupants of cars in such situations were shot dead by French police. That strongly suggests something is wrong.

Authorities have opened two separate investigations following the teen's death - one into a possible killing by a public official, and another into the driver's failure to stop his vehicle and the alleged attempt to kill a police officer.

Paris police chief Laurent Nuñez told French television station BFMTV that the policeman's actions "raises questions", though he suggested the officer may have felt threatened.

The 17-year-old's family lawyer Yassine Bouzrou insisted that was an illegitimate defence, telling the same channel the video "clearly showed a policeman killing a young man in cold blood".

He added that the family had filed a complaint against police for "lying" - after initially claiming the car had tried to run down the officers.

Another lawyer representing the victim's family, Jennifer Cambla, told local media that nothing could justify what had happened, and described the death as an "execution".

In a video posted on TikTok, Nahel's mother Mounia urged people to join her on a march for her son.

"Come all, I beg you", she said. "We will all be there."

"I'm hurting for my France. An unacceptable situation. All my thoughts go out to Nahel's family and loved ones, this little angel gone far too soon," France and Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappé wrote on Twitter.

Lupin actor Omar Sy tweeted that his "thoughts and prayers go out to the family and loved ones" of Nahel.

"May justice worthy of the name honour the memory of this child."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Omar Sy This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

France's President Emmanuel Macron called Nahel's killing "inexplicable" and "inexcusable", adding that the case had "moved the entire nation."

"Nothing justifies the death of a young person," he said, calling for "calm for justice to be done".

"I want to say that in no case is an act like the one we have seen justified - if the inquiry should confirm the videos we have seen," Mr Darmanin told French media on Wednesday.

"We hope to have the whole truth of what happened," he said.

Left-wing leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon expressed his "heartfelt condolences" to the family of the teen. "No officer has the right to kill unless in self-defence," he wrote in a tweet.

"This uncontrolled police force discredits the authority of the state. It needs to be completely overhauled," he added.

Two weeks ago, a 19-year-old driver was shot dead by police in the western France town of Angouleme, after allegedly hitting an officer in the legs during a traffic stop.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Scotland's new First Minister Humza Yousaf has announced that Shona Robison will serve as his deputy.

Ms Robison has been an MSP since 1999, and has served as health secretary and social justice secretary.

Mr Yousaf made the announcement moments after MSPs voted to make him Scotland's sixth first minister.

He will be sworn in at the Court of Session on Wednesday morning, and is expected to start appointing his cabinet in the afternoon.

Ms Robison, who is MSP for Dundee City East, is a close friend of Mr Yousaf's predecessor Nicola Sturgeon - who posted congratulations on Twitter.

The former health secretary nominated Mr Yousaf for the post of first minister in advance of the formal vote which made him parliament's nominee for the post.

And after it concluded, he told reporters she would be his deputy first minister.

Mr Yousaf was also nominated by MSP Neil Gray, who played a key role in his campaign and is also expected to land a key role in government.

Further appointments are expected to be announced on Wednesday, before being confirmed in more votes at Holyrood on Thursday.

Ms Robison has held a series of roles in government, dating back to before Mr Yousaf was elected to Holyrood.

She was the minister who oversaw the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, was health secretary under Ms Sturgeon and was later in charge of social justice, housing and local government.

Thomas McKenna was jailed for 16 years after pleading guilty to 162 offences against 23 male victims

For decades Crossmaglen Rangers has been among the most successful Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) clubs in Ireland.

During that period Thomas McKenna was heavily involved in the club, holding the position of treasurer.

A postman and official at the village's credit union, he'd intertwined himself into nearly every aspect of community life.

By the time he was arrested in October 2018 he'd been abusing boys for nearly 30 years.

The abuse took place at the club, in the credit union, in his Royal Mail work van, in his home and on trips away.

Since his arrest he has been on remand at Maghaberry Prison and as the months rolled on more and more victims came forward.

He eventually pleaded guilty to 162 offences against 23 male victims, aged between 12 and 26 years old.

He used control, manipulation and a treat and reward system to coerce his victims, a prosecution barrister said.

On Friday, he was jailed for 16 years and will spend a further seven years on licence.

Child protection expert Marcella Leonard has worked with many of McKenna's victims as they have navigated a lengthy legal process.

"There is something about a sense of unbelievability about the numbers," she said.

"But what is really important is that these aren't just the number of victims but the number of families that have been affected as well.

Thomas McKenna was involved in many aspects of community life in Crossmaglen

"It's not about how he got away with it for so long - it's about the depth of fear somebody can create in a child.

"This individual had the capacity and ability to create fear.

"So when you have a belief that you are the only person and if you tell then this person is going to carry out the fear and threats that he has said, therefore as a victim you feel that you have to keep this quiet."

Historically the relationship between the police and the Crossmaglen community has been difficult.

But after the first victims came forward the floodgates opened.

"I myself grew up in a border county and coming from that GAA background... historically how the GAA and police would have interacted is another aspect that we have to consider was prevalent for the victims at the time," said Ms Leonard.

"So I think bravery is the right word but also fear, trepidation, anxiety.

Crossmaglen Police Station, pictured in 1999, is the most fortified in Northern Ireland and has been recommended for closure

"What has been incredible in this case is that from the moment the first victims told [about what happened to them], the club, the safeguarding [officials] and the police have had absolute belief and that has been so important for the other victims coming forward.

"We now have an opportunity to show children, young people and adults that initially they may have a fear of going forward to the police that we have good practice.

"This has been an historical change in terms of victims being able to come forward."

McKenna has now been sentenced for his crimes but for his victims the recovery process continues.

"For the victims the recovery process is only starting," said Ms Leonard.

"They now aren't having to use their energy with the criminal justice process.

"They can dedicate their time to how they emotionally, physically and sexually recover to live a life - a life that isn't being impacted by fear."

Intense and widespread rioting has been taking place across France, following the shooting of a 17-year-old during a traffic stop.

Video on social media showed the moment the police shooting of Nahel M took place, in the Paris suburb of Nanterre on 27 June.

Riots erupted later that same day and have continued each day since, spreading throughout the country.

The officer involved has apologised to the family and been charged with voluntary homicide.

A beach resort bristling with fortifications. A major road lined with anti-tank ditches. Satellite analysis by BBC Verify has uncovered some of the extensive defences built by Russia as it prepares for a major Ukrainian counter-attack.

After months of stalemate, the expected assault is likely to be a crucial test for Ukraine as it seeks to prove it can achieve significant battlefield gains with the weapons it has received from the West.

By examining hundreds of satellite images, the BBC has identified some key points in the significant build-up of trenches and other fortifications in southern Ukraine since October.

These four locations offer an insight into what Russia expects from the counter-offensive, and what defences Ukrainian forces might encounter.

Seized by Russia in 2014, Crimea was formerly known for its beach resorts.

Now, instead of sun loungers and parasols, the coastline stretching for 15 miles (25km) is littered with defence structures installed by Russian troops.

The image below shows the only open sandy beach on the west coast without natural defences such as cliffs or hills.

Firstly, there are "dragon's teeth" along the shore: pyramid-shaped blocks of concrete, designed to block the path of tanks and other military vehicles.

Behind them is a line of trenches, providing cover from incoming attacks. Several bunkers can also be spotted along the trenches.

Stacks of wood, digging machines and stores of dragon's teeth along the coast suggest building work was still in progress when the image was taken in March.

Some military experts suggest the defences are likely to be a precaution, rather than a sign that Russia expects to defend a seaborne assault, since Ukraine has little naval capacity.

Intelligence analyst Layla Guest says: "The fortifications are likely in place to deter any bold Ukrainian operation to attack Crimea via the sea rather than on land."

The beach fortification is just one example of a vast network of trenches, as shown by the black dots in the map below, based on work by open-source analyst Brady Africk.

BBC Verify has been able to identify other key fortification sites by pinpointing individual trench locations from videos on social media.

Once an exact location was discovered it was then possible to trace an entire trench network using satellite images.

The small city of Tokmak lies on a key route in the south-east of the country that Ukrainian forces may want to use to cut off Crimea from other Russian-held territories.

There have been reports that Ukrainian civilians have been moved out in order to turn the city into a military fortress. This would provide soldiers with access to supplies and a base to retreat to.

The satellite image above shows that a network of trenches in two lines has been dug north of Tokmak - the direction Ukraine would have to attack from.

Behind these trenches is a further ring of fortifications around the city, with three layers of defences that can be seen distinctly in this close-up satellite image.

The top of the satellite image shows an anti-tank ditch. These are usually at least 2.5m deep and designed to trap any enemy tanks that attempt to cross.

Behind the ditch are several rows of dragon's teeth and another trench network.

But Ukrainian forces are likely to face further traps.

It's highly likely that mines have also been hidden between Tokmak's three defence lines, says Mark Cancian from the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

"Minefields are a standard part of every defence, and the Russians have used them extensively throughout the war.

"Here they will be large and better concealed, slowing down Ukrainian attacks so that other combat elements, like artillery and infantry, can strike the attacking forces."

BBC Verify has also discovered three other towns near Tokmak have been similarly fortified.

A line of anti-tank ditches and trenches now runs alongside a 22-mile (35km) stretch of the E105 main highway, west of Tokmak.

The E105 is strategically important, connecting Russian-held Melitopol in the south with the northern city of Kharkiv, held by Ukraine. The road also runs through the Zaporizhzhia region, which could be the target of a Ukrainian counter-offensive.

The side that controls the E105 can easily move troops around the region.

If Ukrainian forces attempt to use this road, Russia will likely target it with heavy artillery from behind their defences. Russia's position is also in range of another nearby road - the T401 - which could also be targeted.

"The Russians are worried about the recently built Ukrainian armour units. If these units can get on a main highway, they can move very quickly," says Mr Cancian.

"The Russian defences aim to push them off the roads and therefore slow them down."

The port of Mariupol has a strategic position between the Russian-occupied territories in the east and Crimea in the south. It also became a symbol of resistance to invasion when a hard-core of fighters held out for months as the city was besieged.

Given Russia expects Ukraine to try to retake it, BBC Verify decided to look at the territory surrounding the city - leading to the discovery of a collection of circular trenches.

Located near the small village of Rivnopil about 34 miles (55km) north of Mariupol, each circular trench has a mound of soil in the middle, possibly either to protect artillery or to keep guns stable.

Meanwhile, the circular trenches allow soldiers to take cover and to move the artillery so it can aim in any direction.

It shows that Russia is preparing to defend areas of open ground (without natural protection from hills and rivers) alongside their wider trench network.

But some analysts note that Ukrainian forces can use similar satellite images and drone surveillance to identify and bypass many of these defences.

Alexander Lord from strategic advisory firm Sibylline Ltd says: "The Russians will therefore likely attempt to funnel Ukrainian forces down certain routes which are heavily mined and pre-targeted by Russian artillery."

Satellite images show obvious defences - but that might all be part of Russia's plan.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Read more about BBC Verify: Explaining the 'how' - the launch of BBC Verify

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. A spokesperson for Israel's police says a civilian 'neutralised the terrorist'

A Palestinian man has injured at least seven people in a car-ramming and stabbing attack in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, Israeli police say.

A police spokesperson said the "terrorist" rammed into pedestrians and then tried to stab them with a sharp object. He was shot dead by a civilian.

Three of the injured were in a serious condition, the spokesperson added.

The attacker has been identified as a Palestinian from the occupied West Bank who was a known Hamas activist.

The Palestinian militant group praised the attack, saying it was a "natural response" to the ongoing major Israeli military operation in Jenin refugee camp, in the northern West Bank.

At least 10 Palestinians are said to have been killed since hundreds of Israeli troops, backed by drone strikes, entered the camp on Monday morning, triggering intense gun battles with militants inside.

The Israeli military said that while it was "operating to maintain stability in the Jenin camp by targeting the terrorist infrastructure, our civilians are consequently being targeted by terrorism".

CCTV footage from the scene of the attack in Tel Aviv shows pedestrians and customers of a cafe running for cover as a pick-up truck hits a bus stop on Pinchas Rosen Street.

The driver is seen climbing out of the vehicle's window and running runs towards a man standing near the cafe, who he appears to stab several times. He then chases after other people on the pavement.

A second video appears to shows another man wearing a motorcycle helmet shooting the attacker several times with a pistol as he lies on the ground.

The Israeli police spokesperson said three of the victims were in a serious condition, two were in a moderate condition and two were in a mild condition.

The Magen David Adom ambulance service said it had treated a 47-year-old woman who was in a serious condition, with multiple systemic injuries.

"I would like to praise the activity of the citizen with a lot of courage, that he was able to thwart the attack and prevent the continuation of that terrorist's killing spree," Israel Police Commissioner Kobi Shabtai told reporters at the scene, according to the Jerusalem Post newspaper.

He also said investigations were still being carried out into the attacker.

The Shin Bet security service said he was a Palestinian from the southern West Bank village of Samu who did not have "a previous security background" and who did not have a permit to enter Israel.

Since the start of the year, more than 140 Palestinians - both militants and civilians - have been killed by Israeli forces or settlers in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, while another 36 have been killed in the Gaza Strip.

Twenty-four Israelis, two foreigners and a Palestinian worker have been killed in attacks or apparent attacks by Palestinians in Israel and the West Bank over the same period. All were civilians except one off-duty serving soldier and a member of the Israeli security forces.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Brecon Beacons National Park will now be calling itself only by its Welsh name, Bannau Brycheiniog

Brecon Beacons National Park has announced that it will use its Welsh language name only in future.

The switch - to Bannau Brycheiniog National Park - takes effect on Monday, its 66th anniversary.

Park bosses said the change promotes the area's culture and heritage, but the area MP said the English name could be kept alongside the Welsh.

It is part of a wider overhaul of how the park is managed, to try and address serious environmental challenges.

The Welsh name means "the peaks of Brychan's kingdom" and is pronounced ban-aye bruch-ay-nee-og, with the ch making the same sound as in loch.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Struggling with the pronunciation of Bannau Brycheiniog? Here's Steff to help you out

Brycheiniog - named after 5th Century King Brychan - was an independent kingdom in the early middle ages, and its borders roughly match those of the national park today.

Resmi Satheesan says it is the place people will travel for regardless of what it is called

Resmi Satheesan, a holidaymaker who is originally from India and is currently based in St Albans, Hertfordshire, visits the park often with her family.

"I think it will take us a while to get used to the name, but I wouldn't mind the change," she said.

"More than the name, it's the place [people] are coming for. It's like Mumbai and Bombay - there are still people who say Bombay, but we still know what they are talking about.

"I have spoken multiple languages and travelled a lot, and what's not to love about trying something new or learning something about the locals?"

Laura Howell from Swansea says the name change is "great" and a point of "pride" for Welsh people

Laura Howell, from the Gower, Swansea, added: "People will probably keep calling it the Brecon Beacons I imagine, but for those who are Welsh speakers it's a bit of pride and I think it's great that it will be referred to the Welsh way of saying it.

"I think it's a step forward. We live in Wales, so it should be the case."

Mark Jones, from nearby Mountain Ash, Rhondda Cynon Taf, said: "We have bilingual names in Wales and I think it should be a person's choice if they call it by the English name or the Welsh name.

Mark Jones from Rhondda Cynon Taf said he is not against the name change

"The vast majority of people in Wales are not Welsh speakers as their first language and they will continue to call it the Brecon Beacons.

"I feel it is political and being forced on people slightly. They are making a big point out of it but the reality is people are still going to call it the Brecon beacons."

The Conservative MP for Brecon and Radnorshire, Fay Jones, said she had no prior notice of the name change.

"I think a lot of people were a little taken aback by this decision," she said.

"People who live and work in the national park... want to celebrate Welsh culture. But why not use the Welsh name alongside the English name?"

Ms Jones said she had received several messages of concern from constituents and had been "talking to a local business owner this morning who asked if she'd missed a consultation of a chance to feed in her views".

Responding to Fay Jones, a spokesperson for Bannau Brycheiniog National Park Authority said the park had been engaging in conversation with volunteers, residents, visitors and businesses about its identity and what it means to be a National Park over the past two years.

"This has included a stakeholder reference panel, a citizens assembly and a brand consultation process. We have reclaimed our Welsh name in line with this feedback and adopted a new brand to represent a step change in our ambitions and outlook," the spokesperson said.

"We will be referring to our organisation and our landscape as Bannau Brycheiniog, but we don't expect everyone else to use it, at least not straight away. We want this celebration of our language and heritage to have a positive impact on tourism and local culture."

Plaid Cymru applauded what it called a "positive step in normalising the use of Welsh".

"In reclaiming our original Welsh names, we can reclaim our heritage, which is vital if we want our language to continue to play a role in Wales' future," a spokesperson for the party said.

Bannau Brycheiniog National Park's chief executive, Catherine Mealing-Jones, said: "It just felt the right time to reclaim the old name for the area. [It] reflects our commitment to the Welsh language.

"But we understand people are used to calling the park by the name everyone's used for 66 years, so we don't expect everyone to use it, at least straight away."

Chief executive Catherine Mealing-Jones says the name change reflects the national park's "commitment to the Welsh language"

It is the second of Wales' national parks to adopt a Welsh-only name, following Eryri (formerly Snowdonia) last year.

The remaining national park in Wales, Pembrokeshire Coast, said it wanted to "reflect all the communities of Pembrokeshire".

It added: "In view of the bilingual nature of these communities... we will continue to use both the official Welsh (Arfordir Penfro) and English versions of the national park's name."

Bannau Brycheiniog covers approximately 520 square miles (1,347 sq km) of south and mid Wales and attracts about four million visitors a year.

Its industrial heritage has won Unesco World Heritage status for the former coal-mining community of Blaenavon.

But recent reports on the state of the natural environment have flagged several concerns.

These include a 30% decline in farmland birds since the 1970s, as well as 67% of waterbodies within the Wye catchment, and 88% of Usk waterbodies failing pollution targets.

Part of the plans is to restore 16,000 hectares of damaged peatland within the national park

A new management plan will attempt to reverse declines in wildlife species across the park by 2030, and reach net zero carbon emissions by 2035, park bosses have said.

It will involve working with partners to plant a million trees, restore 16,000 hectares of damaged peatland, build renewable energy schemes and improve public transport.

"We've got out of balance between people and nature and the climate," Ms Mealing-Jones said.

The plans include creation of wildlife corridors to link habitats and work to achieve bathing water quality standard across all rivers.

Greener transport options will include park and ride pilots between Merthyr Tydfil and Brecon.

A focus on local food will see a push towards more fruit and vegetable farming within the park.

Stella Owen, from NFU Cymru, says local farmers need to be able to run profitable, sustainable businesses in the area

"There are still sheep grazing and cattle in the hills and all the things that are central to what you'd expect from this landscape," Ms Mealing-Jones said.

"But there's more horticulture going on, vineyards, renewable energy sources, we're capturing more carbon into the peatlands and biodiversity is starting to come back."

Stella Owen, NFU Cymru's county advisor, said that, while it was important the national park was put "on a pedestal", local farmers had to have the ability "to run businesses, to be profitable, and to continue in these wonderful, vibrant communities - delivering on the Welsh language, the culture and the social aspect of what we have".

As part of the rebrand, the authority is ditching a picture of a burning beacon from its logo, arguing that the fiery, carbon-emitting symbol no longer fits with its ethos on fighting climate change.

The park has produced a short film to explain the changes it is making, presented by Welsh actor Michael Sheen.

In it, he said he welcomed "the reclamation of the old Welsh name".

A forensic officer in Moyne Gardens in Newtownards after two petrol bombs were thrown at a house on Sunday

Two men have been charged following a series of attacks in north Down.

A 30-year-old has been charged with a range of offences, including arson with intent to endanger life and possessing petrol bombs.

The second man, also aged 30, has been charged with a number of offences including arson with intent to endanger life and making a petrol bomb.

Police said on Monday that in recent days eight houses in north Down had been attacked.

Some of the attacks, including one on a house in Moyne Gardens in Newtownards on Sunday, involved petrol bombs.

Both of the men are due to appear before Newtownards Magistrates' Court on Wednesday morning.

Three other men - aged 29, 50 and 53 - who were arrested under the Terrorism Act in relation to the incidents in north Down have all been released following questioning.

Last updated on .From the section European Championship

Cristiano Ronaldo will become the most-capped men's international footballer if he plays in Portugal's Euro 2024 qualifying opener against Liechtenstein on Thursday.

Ronaldo, 38, moved level with Kuwait forward Bader Al-Mutawa on 196 caps when he faced Morocco at the World Cup.

And he is now part of new Portugal manager Roberto Martinez's first squad.

Ronaldo - now playing in Saudi Arabia for Al Nassr - has scored a men's record 118 international goals.

There were question marks about his international future after he left the pitch in tears following Portugal's elimination by Morocco at the quarter-final stage.

He has scored nine goals in 10 appearances for Saudi Arabia's Al Nassr after leaving Manchester United in November following a controversial interview in which he criticised the club.

Martinez has said Ronaldo, who made his international debut in 2003, "is very important for the team" and "I do not look at the age".

"Records are my motivation," Ronaldo said on Wednesday. "I want to become the most-capped player in history. That would make me proud.

"But it doesn't stop there. I still want to be called up very often."

Kristine Lilly is the most-capped female footballer of all time, having played 354 times for the United States.

Ronaldo's latest record will further cement his status as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

The Portuguese's glittering career has seen him win seven domestic top-flight titles, 11 other major domestic trophies, five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups and one European Championship.

The former Sporting Lisbon, Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus forward has also won the Ballon d'Or five times and been named the Best Fifa Men's player twice.

He became the first player to score 800 top-level career goals in November and also holds a host of other men's individual records for both club and country including:
• None Only player to score in three Champions League finals
• None The first player to score 10 hat-tricks in men's international football
• None Enter the world of the social media personality’s multi-level marketing scheme and webcam business
• None The rise and fall of the jeweller-turned-criminal: Listen to Gangster: The Story of John Palmer

Alesha Dixon (pictured in 2021) will host the contest alongside Graham Norton, Hannah Waddingham and Julia Sanina

The grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest will be broadcast live in cinemas across the UK for the first time, it has been announced.

Liverpool will host the event on Saturday 13 May, following two semi-finals earlier in the week.

Organisers say the screenings will encourage fancy dress and singalongs.

In-person tickets for the grand final at the Liverpool Arena sold out in under 40 minutes after being released earlier this month.

Separately, it has also been confirmed that TikTok will be the contest's official entertainment partner for a second year.

John Travers of CinemaLive, who will distribute the event to cinemas, said the company was "delighted" to be working with the BBC to bring the contest to the big screen.

"We want audiences to enjoy themselves, come along in groups, get your fancy dress on, and come together to enjoy this historic occasion on the big screen," he said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Tickets for the cinema screenings, broadcast in more than 500 cinemas, will be available to buy from 10:00 BST Monday (27 March).

Audiences will also be able to see a preview of the new BBC Three dating show I Kissed A Boy, presented by Dannii Minogue, before the grand final starts at 20:00 BST.

Robert Lea, head of screen content at Vue Entertainment, said: "Every song, every vote and every larger than life moment will be live streamed in amazing picture and sound quality for fans to enjoy with each other."

The colours of the Ukrainian flag have been seen around Liverpool, including on the Superlambanana sculpture

The contest is being held in Liverpool after last year's UK entrant Sam Ryder finished runner-up to Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra.

As Russia's invasion of Ukraine prevented the winning country from hosting the 2023 contest, organisers instead said the UK would stage the show on their behalf.

The contest will be hosted by Ted Lasso star Hannah Waddingham, Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon, Ukrainian singer Julia Sanina, and chat show host Graham Norton, who also commentates on Eurovision for British TV audiences.

Mae Muller has been chosen as this year's entry for the UK with her track I Wrote A Song.

Lulu, Norton and last year's UK entrant Sam Ryder recently joined a mock Eurovision panel for a Comic Relief sketch

Meanwhile, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) confirmed it had selected TikTok to livestream the competition, as well as release exclusive performances and behind-the-scenes content.

It came as the UK Parliament said on Thursday that it would block the Chinese-owned app from its devices and networks over security concerns.

Martin Osterdahl, the EBU's executive supervisor for Eurovision, said: "Millions of new Eurovision Song Contest fans discovered the event through TikTok last year and we know millions more will be excited by this year's extra special event in Liverpool."

TikTok is also partnering with Visit Liverpool after the city was chosen to host the contest on behalf of last year's winners Ukraine due to the Russian invasion.

The social media app will promote busking sites in the city and host performances in the Eurovision Village - the official fanzone - on Friday 12 May, the evening before the grand final.

Lucy Letby has denied murdering and attempting to murder babies at the Countess of Chester Hospital

Nurse Lucy Letby has told a court she did not only cry when talking about herself during her evidence but also when talking about some of the infants she has been accused of attacking.

The 33-year-old is accused of murdering seven babies and the attempted murders of 10 others between 2015 and 2016.

Asked under cross-examination why she had not cried while speaking about the children, she said: "I have cried when talking about some of those babies."

Prosecutor Nick Johnson KC began his examination of Ms Letby at Manchester Crown Court after she had earlier been questioned by her defence barrister Ben Myers KC about the deaths of two triplet brothers on successive days.

Mr Johnson asked the nurse if there was "any reason that you cry when you talk about yourself but you don't cry when talking about these dead and seriously injured children?"

"I have cried when talking about some of those babies," she replied.

Lucy Letby told the court medical notes found at her home were not taken "intentionally"

He then accused Ms Letby of suggesting consultant Dr Ravi Jayaram had "deliberately misled" the jury when he gave evidence.

Dr Jayaram previously told the jury he saw Ms Letby standing by the incubator of one of the babies she is accused of attacking, known to the court as Child K, as the baby's blood oxygen levels plummeted.

He said no alarms were sounding and the nurse was "doing nothing".

Ms Letby told the court she was feeding another baby in another nursery at that time and did not "recall any conversation with Dr Jayaram that night."

Mr Johnson put it to her that she was suggesting Dr Jayaram was "making it up", to which she replied: "I don't think I said yesterday he was making it up."

The prosecutor then turned to the medical handover notes found at her home, which the court has heard were discovered in police searches.

The nurse said the notes were not taken "intentionally" and had still been "held in confidence".

Mr Johnson questioned that, stating the notes had been "in a bin bag in your garage".

"Do you obey the rules when it suits you?" he said.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Presenter, comedian and drag queen Paul O'Grady, who has died aged 67, had a vibrant and varied career in the entertainment industry spanning more than three decades.

After making his mark on London's comedy scene as Lily Savage, O'Grady would go on to become one of the most recognisable faces on TV.

O'Grady began his career using his drag act Lily Savage, pictured here in 1993 alongside fellow comedian Mark Thomas in Soho, London

O'Grady became a household name after starring on TV in programmes like the game show Blankety Blank

Savage appeared as the Wicked Queen in Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs at London's Victoria Palace Theatre in 2004

He hosted the Paul O'Grady Show on ITV and Channel 4 between 2004 and 2015

O'Grady won a Bafta for best entertainment performance for the show in 2005

O'Grady (pictured with Holly Willoughby and Dermot O'Leary) also won a National Television Award in 2008

The plaudits would keep on coming for O'Grady, who was made an MBE in 2008. He celebrated the honour alongside his partner Andre Portasio (left), sister Sheila Rudd and daughter Sharyn Mousley

O'Grady was made an MBE by the then Prince of Wales, now King Charles

He appeared alongside Robbie Williams and Darcey Bussell on the Graham Norton Show in 2012

O'Grady was a well-known animal welfare campaigner, who worked to raise money for Battersea Dogs and Cats Home over many years

With the late Queen for the opening of new dog kennels at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in 2015

O'Grady with his husband Andre at the 2019 National Television Awards

Pictured with Camilla, Queen Consort, then Duchess of Cornwall, in 2022 - a fellow supporter of Battersea's efforts

O'Grady was set to host a one-off Easter Sunday show on Boom Radio, alongside his long-term producer Malcolm Prince

O'Grady will be remembered as one of the UK's favourite entertainers

Building work is yet to start for 33 of the government's 40 promised new hospitals in England, the BBC has found.

Most are still waiting to hear what their final budget will be for the projects with a 2030 deadline. Only two are finished and open.

Ministers aimed to have six ready for 2025 - but none of this group has full planning permission or funding yet.

The government insists it remains committed to meeting the targets.

"We are developing a new national approach to constructing hospitals so they can be built more rapidly, ensure value for money, and we continue to work closely with all trusts on their plans," an official said.

Health leaders say they need urgent clarity.

The BBC looked at the issue last year and since then there has been little progress.

When the pledge was announced, in 2019, there was some controversy about exactly what counts as a "new hospital".

NHS guidance says it can range from an entirely new building on a new site to a major refurbishment or alteration.

By October 2020, the commitment was confirmed, with an initial budget of £3.7bn.

Of the 40 hospitals on the list, eight were projects already planned.

BBC News contacted them all, asking for a progress report:

Investment seems to be a factor:

One of the six due to be completed in 2025 is Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust, near London.

Some parts of St Helier's site look more like a derelict building than a functioning NHS hospital.

A makeshift wooden roof at the back is held down with sandbags.

One of the three intensive-care units has a problem with ventilation, so it can be used only as a storeroom.

Staff are using a bucket to catch the drips from the leak in the ceiling

In another, staff are working around a leak.

In winter, it is not unusual for entire corridors to flood.

When we met Chief Medical Officer Ruth Charlton outside a condemned ward, she told us: "It's not safe to enter - the foundations are crumbling and windows are falling out."

She cannot see a new build happening by 2025. Her "optimistic" estimate is 2027. Ms Charlton would not be drawn on a realistic guess but was blunt about how sad and frustrated she felt.

"I'm frustrated on behalf of our patients, their families or staff that they can't receive healthcare in the sort of facility that I would want my family to receive healthcare in," she told us.

As we talk, we can hear the sound of a maintenance crew drilling.

The trust says its backlog maintenance - to bring buildings and equipment up to standard - will cost £130m.

Across the NHS in England, backlog-maintenance costs have more than doubled, from £4.7bn in 2011-12 to £10.2bn in 2021-22.

In other words, it has become twice as expensive just to keep the doors open.

Health think tank the Nuffield Trust chief executive Nigel Edwards says the government started with a "big and slightly vague promise - and it was never clear there was enough money available to do anything like the scale of construction that they wanted to". And ministers hitting their 2030 target is "extremely unlikely".

"They've underestimated how long it takes to change the way they design, build, and plan hospitals," he says.

"It's a great ambition - but I think a bit of realism is now starting to sink in."

In 2019, Boris Johnson assured voters he could build the 40 new hospitals but only "because we're running a strong economy".

The government has never explicitly allocated a budget for this project - but it has undoubtedly become more expensive.

Inflation means prices have gone up sharply, especially in construction.

Institute for Financial Studies senior research economist Ben Zaranko says: "Either the government sticks to that pledge and accepts it will need to spend more on hospital building or it decides it scales back the number and scope of hospitals."

A Department of Health and Social Care official said: "We remain committed to delivering all 40 new hospitals by 2030 as part of the biggest hospital-building programme in a generation."

The logic here is the New Hospital Programme is developing a new national approach to building these hospitals across England - and a standard approach should mean more a rapid process.

But there is another - potentially dangerous - complication. Several hospitals across England are at risk of collapse, with roofs propped up with scaffolding and posts, because they were built using reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete (RAAC) - a lightweight concrete with bubbles inside like "a chocolate Aero bar".

The NHS has identified 34 NHS buildings in England containing RAAC planks - and it is believed about five need to be dealt with urgently.

But only a small number of the hospitals with planned new builds are thought to be affected by RAAC, so it would make sense to expect new RAAC hospitals to be added to the list soon.

A Department of Health and Social Care official said: "We remain committed to delivering all 40 new hospitals by 2030 as part of the biggest hospital-building programme in a generation."

"We are developing a new national approach to constructing hospitals so they can be built more rapidly, ensure value for money, and we continue to work closely with all trusts on their plans."

Sir Julian Hartley, chief executive of NHS Providers, which represents trusts, wants clarity, ideally in the next few weeks.

"We are at a pivotal moment, a key point, where we cannot leave for much longer the scale of deterioration," he says.

'We need to know that if we delay too much longer, the scale of the problems in other hospitals and facilities will get to a critical level."

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, he added there was an "absolutely dire need for decisions to be made about making progress... and tackling in the longer term the ageing infrastructure" of hospitals.

Prosecuting Donald Trump would be a politically motivated move by his opponents, senior Republicans say.

On Saturday, the former US president said his arrest could happen next week, based on media reports.

But Democrats have said no-one is above the law and accused Mr Trump of recklessly stoking political divisions.

The case focuses on alleged hush money paid on Mr Trump's behalf by his lawyer to porn star Stormy Daniels ahead of the 2016 presidential election.

The 76-year-old is also the subject of several other separate inquiries, although he has not yet been charged in any and denies wrongdoing.

Mr Trump has pledged to continue his campaign to become the Republican nominee in the 2024 presidential election, even if he is indicted.

It is not yet known if he is going to be criminally charged or even, beyond the most basic details, what any indictment might contain.

Former US vice-president Mike Pence and the most senior Republican in the US Congress, Kevin McCarthy, have both spoken out against any criminal prosecution.

Speaking to US network ABC News, Mr Pence said Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg, who is a Democrat, was carrying out a "politically charged prosecution" against Mr Trump.

"I'm taken aback at the idea of indicting a former president of the United States, at a time when there's a crime wave in New York City," Mr Pence said.

"The fact that the Manhattan DA [district attorney] thinks that indicting President Trump is his top priority, I think is, just tells you everything you need to know about the radical left in this country," he told the broadcaster.

In his statement on Saturday Mr Trump called for mass protests from supporters and accused Mr Bragg's office of "illegal leaks" to journalists.

Asked about the call for protests, Mr Pence said that US citizens have a "constitutional right to peaceably assemble" - but also said any action must take place "peacefully and in a lawful manner".

Speaker of the US House of Representatives Kevin McCarthy called the investigation "an outrageous abuse of power by a radical DA".

In a tweet, he also promised to investigate whether federal money was being used to interfere in elections "with politically motivated prosecutions".

Democrats accused Mr Trump of stirring up political divisions with his claims.

Speaking to ABC News, Democratic Senator Elizbeth Warren said "no-one is above the law" even if they happen to have been president and any investigation must be "allowed to go forward appropriately".

"There's no reason to protest this. This is the law operating as it should without fear or favour for anyone," she said.

Mr McCarthy's predecessor as House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, echoed Ms Warren's sentiments - adding that Mr Trump's remarks were "reckless" and designed to "keep himself in the news and to foment unrest among his supporters".

"He cannot hide from his violations of the law, disrespect for our elections and incitements to violence. Rightfully, our legal system will decide how to hold him accountable," she wrote on Twitter.

The Stormy Daniels case centres on how Mr Trump reimbursed his lawyer Michael Cohen after he paid Ms Daniels $130,000 before the 2016 US election.

The record for the payment reimbursing Mr Cohen says it was for "legal fees". Prosecutors could conclude this amounts to Mr Trump falsifying business records, which is a misdemeanour offence in New York.

Nationwide will become the latest lender to raise mortgage rates again, with increases of up to 0.7 percentage points taking effect on Friday.

The building society, one of the UK's biggest lenders, said that the changes were being made to ensure it could serve all its customers.

Another lender, Clydesdale Bank, said it was withdrawing deals via brokers later on Thursday owing to high demand.

One broker said the market was in a "vicious circle".

Andrew Montlake, of Coreco, said that lenders were putting up rates at short-notice, then borrowers were grabbing deals, leaving lenders inundated and having to pull or raise rates again.

"It is massively hard to navigate for everyone, especially clients, who need to make quick decisions in these circumstances, whilst brokers are working round the clock to try to lock in to these rates," he said.

Nationwide is the latest major to repeat rate rises. On Friday, it will increase the rates on a variety of fixed-rate mortgages sold via brokers. Among them is a 0.7 percentage point hike in interest on new deals for existing customers moving home.

A spokesperson for the building society said lenders' costs were rising, and competitors were also putting up rates.

"This ensures that, as a building society, we can continue lending to all types of borrowers. Despite the changes in rates, our full mortgage range continues to remain available," he said.

Data on wages and rising prices mean markets anticipate inflation and interest rates to stay higher for longer than previously expected.

This has led to government borrowing costs - which directly impact mortgage rates - rising to levels as high as last year's mini-budget.

The base rate, set by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee and currently at 4.5%, will be reviewed next week and is widely expected to go up for the 13th time in a row.

"It is important that everyone does not panic, and that includes the Bank of England," Mr Montlake said.

"Questions need to be asked as to whether they really do need to increase rates beyond 5% before previous rate changes have had an effect, and they risk causing more problems than they are trying to solve."

Yevgeny Prigozhin may have boasted he had the loyalty of all 25,000 members of his mercenary army, but it seems that may have shifted as quickly as the Wagner Group's rebellion petered out.

In online messages analysed by BBC Verify, Wagner troops and their relatives raged against Prigozhin's decision to halt his dramatic march on Moscow and withdraw from the captured city of Rostov.

"The bald waste of space destroyed Wagner PMC with his own hands. And screwed everyone he could," fumed one online poster claiming to be a Wagner fighter on a Telegram channel with 200,000 followers.

"It's been another senseless revolt," they added.

Telegram is the social media platform of choice for Wagner soldiers and pro-war circles in Russia, allowing often anonymous communication with thousands of followers at a time.

It was where Prigozhin chose to announce his so-called "March of Justice" against the Russian regime, but it has now become the place where many have turned against him.

Mark Krutov, a journalist with the RFE/RL outlet's Russian Service, has access to the Telegram group chats used by relatives of Wagner fighters. He shared some of their messages with the BBC.

"They were simply betrayed," one woman wrote. "I trusted Prigozhin, but what he did is dishonourable."

"He shouldn't have done this. This is pure betrayal," agreed another user.

Prigozhin long enjoyed highly vocal support from a network of pro-Wagner influencers. For months, they have championed his actions and attacked his opponents in the Ministry of Defence - particularly his sworn enemy, Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu.

But when the Wagner mutiny was developing, their reaction was surprisingly muted.

Two of the largest groups, Grey Zone and Reverse Side of the Medal - with almost 900,000 followers between them - did not rush to endorse his actions, instead aiming for the reasonably neutral middle ground of blaming antagonism by Mr Shoigu and his loyalists for the bloodshed.

Fighters of Wagner group stand guard outside the headquarters of the Southern Military District in the city of Rostov-on-Don, Russia

Wagner PMC Briefs is a channel Prigozhin has confirmed as an official page of Wagner and is run by one of his troops. It noted - with eyebrows raised - that when Russian President Vladimir Putin denounced the mutiny, he didn't mention anyone by name.

"[Putin] did not name "the mutineers and traitors," it said. "Perhaps it was to let Prigozhin restore justice and punish those guilty of real betrayal that resulted in the failure [of Russia's invasion of Ukraine]?

The theory that Mr Putin and Prigozhin conspired to stage a coup attempt in order to "test the loyalty of the Russian elites" quickly gained traction on social media."Girls, I thought maybe it was all orchestrated to remove Shoigu, but through Prigozhin, so Putin wouldn't have to do it himself?" wrote a woman on the Wagner relatives' chat.

Volodymyr Fesenko, head of the Penta Center for Applied Political Research in Kyiv, disagrees.

"If it was staged, what for? So everyone could see how weak Putin is?" he said. "What happened was a public humiliation of Putin. And Prigozhin? He partially lost his reputation: He used to demonstrate power, and then he simply retreated."

But Prigozhin's last public comment on the day of the mutiny, filmed after he agreed to stand down, continues to fuel speculation online. "We've had an OK result today," he said. "Cheered everybody up."

Lidl's new mince vac packs will be in stores from early next year

Lidl is the latest supermarket to announce it will start vac-packing mince to use less plastic and double its shelf life.

Sainsbury's hit the headlines when it made the same switch, and some shoppers complained it turned the meat to mush.

An anti-plastic group criticised the move from hard plastic trays to soft film, saying this would not go in most household recycling collections.

Lidl said its new vac packs could be taken to recycling collection points.

It said the packaging would use 63% less plastic and extend the mince's shelf life from eight to 16 days. The "easy peel film" also meant customers "don't have to touch the raw meat", it said.

Sian Sutherland, co-founder of campaign group A Plastic Planet, said meat-soiled soft plastics were "never going to be recycled into anything useful." She said she thought most people would put them into general waste rather than taking them to recycling points.

Ms Sutherland added: "When so many other natural materials exist, it is inexcusable to keep pushing plastic and retailers need to seriously consider the reputational risks."

Environmental campaign group Wrap said plastic bags and wrapping could be recycled at more than 6,000 places across the UK. It has a recycling locator to find your nearest one.

Retailers are increasingly looking for ways to make their products more environmentally-friendly and sustainable.

Fruit drink brand Robinsons this week announced it was trialling selling a carton in Tesco made of 89% plant-based materials. It said its 500ml super strength squash made 60 drinks with 85% less plastic per serve than its one litre double concentrate bottle. Meanwhile, John Lewis has said all the leather used in its own label sofas and chairs will come from British farms that exclusively supply Waitrose beef.

Some Sainsbury's shoppers complained vac-packing squashed the mince into a mush

In February, Sainsbury's announced it was the first UK retailer to vacuum pack all beef mince saving 450 tonnes of plastic each year".

But when the packs appeared in the supermarket's fridges some shoppers expressed their distaste on social media.

One said the meat now resembled "a rectangle of mushed off cuts" and another described it as looking like "someone's kidney".

Others complained that sucking the air out of the mince packaging squashed it together and made it difficult to cook with.

Sainsbury's shopper Vicki Cole said the mince stuck together during cooking

Sainsbury's head of fresh food, Richard Crampton, told the BBC in April: "It's exactly the same mince...but more compressed...so we do need customers to cook it slightly differently."

He said vacuum packed meat was common in the EU and US as well as recipe boxes in the UK, and he would not be surprised if other supermarkets followed suit.

Shyam Unarket, Lidl GB's head of responsible sourcing and ethical trade, said the change was part of Lidl's plan to reduce its own-label plastic packaging by 40% by 2025, he said.

He said switching to vac packed mince would cut more than 250 tonnes of plastic from packaging a year.

"However, we also recognise the important role that plastic plays in our daily lives," he said. "By ensuring that any new packaging is recyclable, we'll be able to help prevent plastic pollution in our environment."

The Telegraph says it has published texts that mention former cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg

Jacob Rees-Mogg has admitted a Covid-19 test for his son was couriered to his home during a national shortage.

He accepted it might be deemed "special treatment" but defended the arrangement due to his workload as a cabinet minister at the time.

WhatsApp messages leaked to the Telegraph appear to show former Health Secretary Matt Hancock's adviser helped send the test in September 2020.

The Telegraph has obtained more than 100,000 of Mr Hancock's messages.

The paper has published messages it says were sent on 10 September, 2020 by Allan Nixon, Mr Hancock's political special adviser at the time.

One suggests an initial test for one of Mr Rees-Mogg's children had been lost by the laboratory.

It goes on to say "we've got a courier going to their family home tonight, child will take the test, and courier will take it straight to the lab. Should have result tomorrow am".

Responding on his GB News chat show on Wednesday, Mr Rees-Mogg said "one of my children needed a test and that put everybody into quarantine".

When he was informed his child's initial test had been lost, "it was raised with the department of health and they decided to send me a test to a member of my family", he said.

"So if I received special treatment, it wasn't because I had requested it, but actually it allowed a government minister to get back to work with a child who didn't have Covid in the first place," the former business secretary said.

He said the Covid testing system had not been working but "I accept it wasn't working for other people too".

Labour has urged the government to determine whether Mr Rees-Mogg received special treatment and not to "hide" behind the Covid inquiry.

A spokesman for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "The government is more than capable of answering those questions now and ensuring that we can have clarity and transparency on those issues."

The Liberal Democrats have written to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to ask him what he knew and when regarding claims that ministers had access to "priority testing".

The party's deputy leader Daisy Cooper said: "These reports are just more evidence that it's one rule for Conservative ministers and another for everyone else.

"The government must urgently publish exactly how many Conservative ministers, MPs and their families had access to priority testing when the public faced a national test shortage. The public deserves to know the truth."

During Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, Mr Sunak said the inquiry was "the right way for these things to be looked at" and that he would not comment on "piecemeal bits of information".

Around the time of the Rees-Mogg messages, Sarah Marsh, director of testing at NHS Test and Trace, tweeted "heartfelt apologies to anyone who cannot get a Covid test at present".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. PMQs: Rishi Sunak quizzed on claims of leaked Hancock messages by Sir Keir Starmer

In the same month, media reports said government testing laboratories across the UK were facing a backlog of 185,000 Covid tests. At the time, people were asked to self-isolate if they or someone in their household were awaiting a test result.

Mr Hancock said it could take weeks to resolve issues around Covid testing and admitted there were "operational challenges" related to a surge in demand.

The Telegraph has been handed more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages linked to Mr Hancock's time as health secretary at the height of the pandemic.

The text messages were passed to the newspaper by journalist Isabel Oakeshott, who has been critical of lockdowns. Ms Oakeshott was given copies of the texts while helping Mr Hancock write his book, Pandemic Diaries.

The BBC has not seen or independently verified the WhatsApp messages nor the context in which they were sent.

Mr Hancock's spokesperson said the Telegraph had published "partial leaks" that presented a "distorted account of the pandemic" designed to "fit an anti-lockdown agenda".

The spokesperson said the messages had been made available to the public inquiry into the government's response to the pandemic.

"Instead of spinning and leaks we need the full, comprehensive inquiry, to ensure we are as well prepared as we can be for the next pandemic, whenever it comes," the spokesperson said.

Correction 30 March 2023: A reference was amended to clarify that people were not required to test negative to leave self-isolation in September 2020.

Police were called to the shooting school on Friday

A man and a woman have been found dead at a North Lincolnshire shooting school, prompting a murder inquiry.

Police said they were found at the White Lodge Shooting School in College Road, Thornton Curtis, on Friday but added no-one else was being sought in connection with the deaths.

Officers were called to the property at about 15:40 BST amid safety concerns.

Police said inquiries were ongoing but said there was no risk to the wider public.

Officers said they responded to a call about concern for safety

"A homicide investigation has commenced, and both deaths are being treated as suspicious at this time until we establish the facts," he said.

Further details about the man and woman have not yet been released. The next of kin of both victims have been informed, police say.

There is no risk to the wider public, said detectives

Follow BBC East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

18-year-old Phil Dowdell was killed in the shooting on Saturday while his mother (left) LaTonya Allen was reportedly injured

Rising sports star Phil Dowdell has been named as one of the victims in a mass shooting at a teenager's birthday party in Alabama at the weekend.

At least four people between the ages of 17 and 23 were killed at the party in the small city of Dadeville on Saturday.

Twenty-eight more were injured, authorities said, some critically.

Police have not said whether a suspect is in custody.

The city's local pastor told the BBC the gunman was still at large and urged him to turn himself in.

On Monday, the flags outside Dadeville High School flew at half mast for the four victims killed on Sunday, identified as 18-year-old Philstavious "Phil" Dowdell, 17-year-old Keke Nicole Smith, 19-year-old Emmanuel 'Siah' Collins and 23-year-old Corbin Dahmontrey Holston, according to local media.

Mr Dowdell was attending his sister Alexis' 16th birthday at a dance studio in the centre of the town.

He was due to graduate from the local high school to go to Jacksonville State University on an American football scholarship.

His mother is also reported to have been injured in the incident.

His grandmother, Annette Allen, told the Montgomery Advertiser newspaper: "He was a very, very humble child. Never messed with anybody. Always had a smile on his face."

His sports coach at the local high school, Roger McDonald, described him as an outstanding young man.

"Everybody loved Phil. He always had a smile on his face. He always spoke to everyone. He was the ideal kid that you want to coach. He wasn't just a great athlete. He was a great kid," he told the paper.

One of his friends who played with him on the high school football team, where Phil was the wide receiver, told the BBC: "Phil to me was an amazing friend. God's got an angel."

Relatives and friends of Ms Smith said she was a once-promising 17-year-old athlete who was also about to graduate from the town's high school.

Ben Hayes, senior pastor at the First Baptist Church in Dadeville and also chaplain at the school football team, knew many of the students at the party.

He told the BBC he received a phone call at the weekend telling him two students had been killed and several injured, and went to the local hospital. When he arrived, there were about 250 people in the car park waiting for news.

He says Dadeville - which has just over 3,000 residents - is a very close-knit community so "this tragedy affects us very deeply".

Members of the local community attend a vigil in Dadeville the day after the tragedy

There were about 50 people at the party, he said, when "someone from outside the community" came in and began shooting. He urged the perpetrator to turn himself in as his community needed closure.

Jimmy Frank Goodman Sr, the mayor of Dadeville, told the BBC he was in his bed asleep when he was notified about the shooting. When he got to the hospital, it was "like I was in a dream", he said.

Dadeville Mayor Jimmy Frank Goodman Sr said the scene at a hospital after the shooting was "chaos"

"It was chaos over there," he said. "There were people crying, bodies going into the emergency room and bloody clothes on the ground."

He said the scene was worse than what he witnessed during his time serving in Vietnam.

"I was in the Marine Corps and seen things and had to do things that seem unbearable. But compared to this, Vietnam was a cakewalk," he said.

He said he did not have any information on the suspect and had only heard "hearsay".

On Monday, a spokesperson for the local Lake Martin Community Hospital said the facility had treated 15 teenagers, all of whom had sustained gunshot wounds.

They added that six of the injured had been treated and released. Nine were transferred to other facilities - five of whom remained in a critical condition.

A vigil was held in the aftermath of the shooting and was attended by hundreds of community members, including Taniya Cox, who was one of the people injured in the shooting.

Ms Cox attended the vigil in a hospital gown with her right arm in a cast, according to the Montgomery Advertiser. She said she was shot twice in her arm at the party on Saturday.

"The mother [of the birthday girl] said whoever had guns had to get out and they didn't get out and five minutes later the shooting started," Ms Cox said.

The police have said nothing about how the shooting was brought to an end or about the police investigation but have urged the public to come forward with information.

Casey Davis, a deputy superintendent at the local board of education, told the BBC that clergy and grief counsellors would be available to the community. Asked about the lack of information from police so far, Mr Davis replied: "Let investigations go on."

Other residents who spoke to the BBC described the mood in Dadeville as sombre and said community members were coming together to support each other in the aftermath of the shooting.

This attack takes the US to a grim milestone of more than 160 mass shootings so far this year, according to the Gun Violence Archive, which defines such events as ones in which four or more people are shot.

President Joe Biden renewed his calls for tougher gun laws after the incident.

He condemned the killing as "outrageous and unacceptable", adding Americans wanted legislators to act to tackle mass shootings, but that Republicans were instead eroding gun safety laws.

Alabama is a state known for protecting the right of citizens to own guns.

With reporting from Jessica Parker and Mike Wendling in Dadeville

British soldiers prepare for operations around the world at the Kenya training unit

Kenyan MPs have voted to amend a defence agreement with Britain after allegations that troops training there committed serious crimes.

It means UK soldiers could be tried for murder, amongst other grave offences, committed against Kenyans in Kenya.

It comes after a lack of progress in getting justice for the 2012 murder of a young woman.

Agnes Wanjiru went missing after she was seen walking out of a Kenyan bar with British soldiers.

The 21-year-old's body was later found in a septic tank at a hotel nearly three months later. To this day no-one has been brought to justice for her killing.

The UK Defence Ministry has insisted it has been co-operating with Kenyan authorities over the investigation after allegations of a cover-up reported by the Sunday Times in October 2021.

On Wednesday, the ministry reiterated this message in a statement to the BBC: "The jurisdiction for this investigation lies with the Kenyan Police Service. The Defence Serious Crime Command and Unit are proactively engaged with the Kenyan Police Service in support of their investigation where appropriate."

It also added it would not comment further in order to "protect the integrity" of the investigation.

However, the amendment voted through on Wednesday does not apply retrospectively, meaning that it would not materially change how the Wanjiru case is handled.

Speaking in an interview with BBC's Focus on Africa Radio, the chair of the Kenyan parliament's Defence Committee, Nelson Koech, said he hoped the change would stop a case like Agnes' happening again.

This will ensure that if that ever happens again "we have a faster local mechanism... to bring the culprits to book," Mr Koech said.

The defence agreement was initially proposed in 2021 under former President Uhuru Kenyatta, but its parliamentary ratification was delayed due to a presidential election and local objections over the agreement.

The amended deal will now go to the Kenyan Ministry of Defence for further negotiation with their British counterparts.

Notably, the ministry cannot simply ignore the amendment if it does not wish to implement it. Rather, the entire document would have to be reopened and fresh negotiations started.

Junior doctors say their 72-hour strike in England is set to go ahead after a "disappointing" meeting with the government on Thursday.

Talks with Health Secretary Steve Barclay were "a facade", said British Medical Association (BMA) reps, who accused him of stalling tactics.

It comes as other health unions have been invited for formal pay talks and nurses have begun theirs.

The government says any NHS pay offers must be affordable for taxpayers.

Ambulance workers, nurses, physios and, most recently, junior doctors have organised walkouts over pay.

Nurses - and other NHS staff except doctors - were given an average of 4.75% this year.

But unions say salaries need lifting higher than this to keep up with rising costs of living because of inflation.

The Treasury has said any increase above 5% would be unaffordable and risk fuelling inflation.

Inflation is expected to fall, which will also be a factor in pay negotiations.

The Royal College of Nursing last month said it was pausing strike action to begin "intensive talks" with the government over "pay, terms and conditions, and productivity enhancing reforms".

It is not clear what the final pay offer might be.

Some 14 other health unions in England, including those representing ambulance staff, physios and midwives, have said they may enter formal pay talks with the government, but are waiting for more details first.

The BMA, meanwhile, says it has not had any meaningful discussions yet.

Co-chairmen of its junior doctors' committee, Dr Robert Laurenson and Dr Vivek Trivedi, called Mr Barclay a "professional delayer," claiming he held the talks at the Department of Health without a mandate to negotiate.

Unless more negotiations happen, junior doctors plan to strike for 72 hours from 13 March, and Dr Laurenson said: "We will not call off the strike action until there is something meaningful to give to our members to vote on."

Matthew Taylor, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, said: "Healthcare leaders will welcome the news that the government has offered to open talks with all unions involved in the strikes.

"We have been calling for the government time and again to open negotiations with all unions and this is a very positive step in the right direction.

"We would hope that all trade unions representing healthcare professionals across the NHS accept this olive branch from the government and are prepared to come to the table with the aim of reaching a compromise with the government as quickly as possible."

A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: "Any deal needs to strike a balance between giving NHS staff a fair deal and delivering on our promise to halve inflation this year.

"In order for talks to start, all planned strike action must be called off with immediate effect."

Confidence among finance chiefs at the UK's biggest companies has seen its sharpest rise since 2020.

The Deloitte survey of chief financial officers showed sentiment rebounded as their concerns about energy prices and Brexit problems eased.

There were 25% more chief financial officers feeling better about the future than worse, compared to 17% more feeling the opposite three months ago.

Not since the Covid vaccine rollout has there been such a swing in confidence.

Ian Stewart, chief economist at Deloitte, attributed the bounce back to improvements on several fronts at once.

"Since the beginning of the year, energy prices have fallen, inflation looks to have peaked, relations with the EU have improved since the Windsor framework and there has been a period of comparative political calm after the turmoil of last year."

The survey was conducted from 21 March to 3 April, which was in the aftermath of the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank in the US and the forced merger of Credit Suisse with UBS.

Yet despite concerns these events raised about the health of the banking sector, the chief financial officers reported only modest changes to the cost and availability of credit.

The UK chief financial officers surveyed are predominantly from big companies, often part of global operations, and Mr Stewart conceded there was often a disconnect between their experience and smaller companies which have seen a sharp rise in insolvencies.

"In many ways it mirrors what we are seeing at household level. The difference between the haves and the have nots is widening."

Despite the change in mood, chief financial officers are still feeling risk averse with many saying their priorities were cutting costs and building up cash reserves. That will be a disappointment to the government who is keen for businesses to invest now to spur future economic growth.

One exception to that is investment in artificial intelligence. Deloitte found that an overwhelming majority of chief financial officers expect to see significant growth in spending on AI over the next five years but were divided on whether that would lead to an increase or decrease in the number of employees.

The UK economy has been struggling recently due to high gas prices, rising interest rates and a sluggish trade performance. Business investment has also been weak.

Last week, the International Monetary Fund said Britain would be one of the worst performing major economies in the world this year, shrinking by 0.3%.

However, this prediction is slightly better than its previous expectation of a 0.6% contraction, made in January. And a separate forecast published by the EY Item Club on Monday finds the UK is now expected to grow by 0.2% this year - up from a previously forecast contraction of 0.7%.

Hywel Ball, EY's UK chair, said the economy "seems to be turning a corner, albeit very slowly" but added that the challenges "haven't gone away overnight".

"Inflation is still in double-digits and energy prices remain historically high... However, perceptions matter and the fact the economy has been able to outperform expectations could help stir a revival in business and consumer confidence."

Energy prices could spike this winter forcing governments to step in and subsidise bills again, the head of the International Energy Agency has said.

If the Chinese economy strengthens quickly and there is a harsh winter, gas prices could rise, putting pressure on consumers, Fatih Birol said.

He added that governments should push for energy-saving and boost renewables.

However, a UK government spokesperson said annual energy bills are set to fall by an average £430 this month.

Gas prices soared after Russia's invasion of Ukraine, driving up energy bills around the world.

A number of governments then stepped in with support for households, including in the UK, to try to soften the blow to consumers.

The IEA is an agency that works with governments and industry to provide data, analysis and recommend policies.

Mr Birol told the BBC's Today programme that many European governments made "strategic mistakes", including an over-reliance on Russia for energy, and that foreign policy had been "blindfolded" by short-term commercial decisions.

He said this winter "we cannot rule out" another spike in gas prices.

"In a scenario where the Chinese economy is very strong, buys a lot of energy from the markets, and we have a harsh winter, we may see strong upward pressure under natural gas prices, which in turn will put an extra burden on consumers," he said.

The Chinese economy had been bouncing back after Covid restrictions were lifted, but recently its economy has been slowing down.

Ratings agency S&P Global this week cut its forecast for Chinese growth, saying "the risk is that its recovery loses more steam amid weak confidence among consumers and in the housing market".

Investment banks including Goldman Sachs have also been cutting forecasts for Chinese growth.

Nevertheless, Mr Birol said governments including the UK should "continue to push measures to save energy, especially as we enter the winter".

They should also push renewable technologies so they "see the light of day as soon as possible" and cut the time it takes for them to get permits, and look for "alternative energy options", he said.

He said he "wouldn't rule out blackouts" this winter as "part of the game".

"We do not know yet how strongly the Chinese economy will rebound," he said.

National Grid said last winter that short power cuts were a possibility - in the end, this was not necessary.

A UK government spokesperson said: "We spent billions to protect families when prices rose over winter covering nearly half a typical household's energy bill, with them set to fall by around £430 on average from this month."

Domestic gas and electricity bills in the UK fell at the weekend after a change to the energy price cap came into force, and a further, smaller fall is expected this winter.

However, with the annual energy bill of a typical household set to be about £2,000, costs are still much higher than the pre-pandemic norm.

Last week the head of Centrica, which owns British Gas, warned energy bills were likely to stay high for the foreseeable future.

Russia's war in Ukraine led to a "gold rush" of new fossil fuel exploration, and the UK defied climate warnings by issuing a new licensing round for North Sea oil and gas.

More than 100 applications have been submitted to drill for new oil and gas in the North Sea.

This was at odds with international climate scientists who say fossil fuel projects should be closed down, not expanded.

They say there can be no new projects if there is to be a chance of keeping global temperature rises under 1.5C.

Mr Birol said "if the world is serious" about the "climate cause" then "we have to reduce the use of oil and gas significantly in the next years to come".

If we can reduce consumption, existing oil and gas fields will be enough to meet declining demand, he added.

He said he has discussions with the chief executives of UK oil companies.

Mr Birol said he has "no problem" with oil firms making profits, but if they say: "I am going to increase my production by four million barrels per day, and my company's strategy is in line with the Paris Climate Agreement - it doesn't work, there is a problem here."

The Rosebank field in the North Sea, which has the potential to produce 500 million barrels of oil, could be approved by the government within weeks.

The UK government said it was "committed to reaching net zero by 2050 and have already come a long way to meet that target, cutting emissions faster than any other G7 country while keeping the economy growing and with low-carbon sources like renewables and nuclear providing half of the UK's electricity generation".

But a spokesperson added "the transition to cleaner energy cannot happen overnight and we will continue to need oil and gas over the coming decades, as recognised by the independent Climate Change Committee".

Emma Pinchbeck, the chief executive of Energy UK, which represents British energy companies, told the BBC's Today programme that the long-term solution to high bills "is to invest in renewables and energy efficiency to make sure that we're not reliant on volatile international gas".

"We expect that investment in more infrastructure in renewables and energy efficiency and alternative technologies to deliver cheaper bills in the long run... and that's why it's so important that we move quickly, particularly with increased international competition for these technologies."

Here are some energy saving ideas from environmental scientist Angela Terry, who set up One Home, a social enterprise that shares green, money-saving tips:

Are you struggling to pay your energy bills? Are you concerned about a potential spike in prices this winter? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The pop star's company Kitty Purry must pay damages to the designer

Singer Katy Perry has lost a trademark battle with an Australian fashion designer called Katie Perry.

Katie Taylor, who sells clothes under her birth name Katie Perry, sued the pop star, saying her merchandise infringed a trademark she owned.

On Friday, a judge agreed that clothing sold for Katy's 2014 Australian tour did breach Katie's trademark.

"This is a tale of two women, two teenage dreams and one name," Justice Brigitte Markovic wrote in her ruling.

The judge said the Teenage Dream singer, born Katheryn Hudson, used the Katy Perry name in "good faith" and does not owe any personal compensation to the designer.

However, the star's company Kitty Purry must pay damages, which will be decided next month.

The designer started selling clothes using the brand name Katie Perry in 2007, and registered it as a trademark in Australia the following year.

The singer, who scored her first hits in 2008, was ruled to have infringed the trademark by promoting a jacket advertising her album Roar, "Cozy Little Christmas" hoodies, T-shirts, sweatpants and scarves, on social media.

However, the judge rejected further claims relating to sales in certain stores and websites, and merchandise for a 2018 tour.

Justice Markovic dismissed a bid by the pop star to cancel the Katie Perry trademark.

The designer described the outcome as a victory in a "David and Goliath" case.

"Not only have I fought [for] myself, but I fought for small businesses in this country, many of them started by women, who can find themselves up against overseas entities who have much more financial power than we do," she wrote on her website.

Dog fights were held at a property owned by Billy and Amy Leadley in Takeley, Essex

Four people have been found guilty of helping to run a dog fighting ring that organised bouts across Europe.

RSPCA officers found dogs had been chained to treadmills at a house in Essex owned by Phillip Ali, known in the dog fighting world as Dr Death.

Fights had been held at a property in Takeley as well as in the Republic of Ireland and France, a trial heard.

The defendants, who shared match reports on the bouts, will be sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on 3 June.

The RSPCA investigation was launched after an officer visited 67-year-old Ali's address in Manford Way, Chigwell, in August 2021.

During several visits to the property, visibly injured dogs were found alongside a stick used to break up dog fights and a DIY vet kit - including a text entitled The Dog Repair Book.

The dog fighting gang built a bespoke arena for bouts during a trip to France

Insp Kirsty Withnall, of the charity's special operations unit, said treadmills the dogs had been chained to were found in a garden room.

She added that Ali had recorded hours worth of WhatsApp voice notes planning fights and describing the injuries dogs had suffered in previous illegal bouts.

Her colleague Ch Insp Ian Muttitt added: "The mobile phone was a goldmine of information and evidence. It contained graphic videos and images of brutal dog fights [and] match reports following organised fights."

Evidence gathered from Ali's phone led to Essex Police raiding a property owned by Billy Leadley, 38, and his wife Amy, 39, in Bambers Green, Takeley.

Officers seized 16 dogs from the address, including a large number of bull breeds thought to have been used for fighting, with Billy Leadley having refereed several bouts.

Phillip Ali wrote match reports summarising dog fights he had helped to organise

Ms Withnall said a dog fighting pit with blood splatters on the wall - measuring 12ft (3.65m) by 8ft (2.43m) - was discovered in the property's garage.

Forensic tests undertaken on 10 samples from the illegal arena confirmed the blood came from at least five different dogs, the RSPCA said.

A further warrant executed at a home owned by Stephen Brown, 56, in Burrow Road, Chigwell, saw books about dog fighting and a vet kit discovered.

A dog was recovered by Merseyside Police during another raid at an address in Berrywood Drive, Whiston, near Prescot.

Phillip Ali, left, went out for a meal with Stephen Brown, right, and others after a fight

Match reports of dog fights were also found on Ali's phone and detailed the brawls in gory detail.

"Bonnie now getting tired; loss of blood and one of her front legs has been broken… possible both and then she starts to lay down and it's going one way," one read.

A voice note sent by Ali to Brown had matched two dogs for fights with prize pots of up to £5,000, and another message said a previous fight had lasted 45 minutes.

The fight organisers did not take their dogs to the vets in order to avoid arousing suspicions and instead tried to heal the animals themselves

The RSPCA said it had safeguarded a number of dogs but that some who had been involved in fights had never been found.

Speaking outside of court, Mr Muttitt said: "The information on the phone linked most of the defendants together and we could see that they'd been involved in at least four dog fights."

Billy Leadley was found guilty of eight offences under the Animal Welfare Act 2006, while Amy Leadley was convicted of three offences.

Ali was found guilty of nine offences and Brown convicted of five.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Sam Lowe said she was currently being evicted and had seen many families lose their homes in court

A woman fighting eviction says the renting crisis must be addressed as she is seeing a "production line" of families losing their homes.

Sam Lowe, from Oldbury in the West Midlands, said her landlord had started eviction proceedings against her a month after her mother died last year.

She was part of a rally at Downing Street on Tuesday calling for more security for tenants.

A government spokesperson said it was committed to a fairer deal for renters.

Ms Lowe said she had managed to get her family's eviction - due in March - adjourned at Dudley Magistrates' Court and now had until the start of June to find a new home.

But while at court, she said she had seen many families going through the same thing.

"When I went to court a couple of weeks ago, it's like a production line - every 10 minutes it's another family being evicted," she said.

"It's a horrible, horrible thing to see, there's just 10 people in a room within an hour all losing their homes."

She lives with her brother and sister in the home they shared with their mother for eight years.

If they are evicted and have not found a new home, the family faced being split up in temporary accommodation, she said, which was "terrifying" after becoming more united in grief over the loss of their mother.

About 300 private renters handed in a petition to Downing Street on Tuesday calling for more security for tenants

She said they were struggling to find new accommodation as landlords were demanding such high rents or deposits.

Ms Lowe, a volunteer with Acorn Birmingham, a community-based social justice union, was one of 300 private renters who protested in Westminster on Tuesday urging the government to improve legislation for renters.

Organised by the the Renters Reform Coalition, the campaigners said they wanted the abolition of no-fault evictions under the Renters Reform Bill, previously promised by the government.

Ms Lowe said legislation was too much on the side of landlords, leaving tenants "powerless". She described her situation as "life-wrecking".

She said she had returned to the UK from abroad to help care for her sick mother and their landlord had known about her mother's illness, but had begun eviction proceedings without warning or consulting them.

The family are on a waiting list for social housing but have only moved up a few places since November because of demand, she said.

"You feel powerless," she said.

"It's a completely life-wrecking experience. You can't make plans, you're constantly looking for a place to live and to learn the law and trying to make sure they're treating you legally."

Average monthly rents had risen in their area from £850 to more than £1,200 since they had been looking for a new home, she said, and she and her siblings would therefore have to move "really far away from our family and our support network if we did get a private rented house".

"It's leaving us completely stuck," she said.

"There needs to be something in place for landlords to give a good reason why they are going to evict people, because with the rental market as it is, people can't just get somewhere to move into."

The government says a Renters Reform Bill will be brought forward in this Parliament

She said they had struggled to find support as many organisations were overwhelmed with people in a similar situation.

"There's no support, there's no safety net, everything is lined up in favour of landlords and you just have to accept it.

"But that's an impossible thing to do when there's nowhere to go and when the most basic thing that we need, which is a roof over our heads, becomes something that's unattainable," she added.

In a statement, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities said: "We will bring forward a Renters Reform Bill in this Parliament, abolishing no-fault evictions so that all tenants have greater security in their homes and are empowered to challenge poor conditions and unreasonable rent rises.

"We are also introducing a Decent Homes Standard for the private rented sector for the first time ever, which will make sure privately rented homes are safe and decent."

Families were also receiving "significant support" over this year and next, worth on average £3,500 per household, as well as uprated benefits and a 10% rise in the state pension in April, the statement added.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk
• None Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Windsor Framework improves the original Northern Ireland Protocol but does not resolve all its problems, a House of Lords inquiry has concluded.

The framework, which was agreed in February, is intended to ease post-Brexit trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.

It modifies the NI Protocol, the 2019 agreement which kept NI inside the EU's single market for goods.

Some of its major operational aspects are due to be implemented from October.

They include the expansion of a trusted trader scheme and a system of green lanes and red lanes for managing the flow of goods at Northern Ireland ports.

The green lane/red lane system is supposed to reduce bureaucracy for GB goods which have Northern Ireland as their final destination.

It will operate alongside new labelling requirements for some food products entering Northern Ireland from GB.

The Lords NI Protocol subcommittee, which held the inquiry, has warned that some businesses, particularly non-retailers, will find the framework processes "more burdensome" compared to the protocol grace periods.

The grace periods refer to temporary arrangements where the protocol was not being fully implemented in some respects.

Chris Heaton-Harris says the framework offers a "huge advance" on the grace periods.

Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris said the framework was a "huge advance" on the grace periods.

He added: "The grace periods were not open to all traders, they solely applied EU standards and were no help at all if the product you wanted to trade was banned."

Lord Jay of Ewelme, the committee chairman, said: "The Windsor Framework is a distinct improvement on the original protocol. But it does not solve all the problems which the protocol raises.

"The benefits to business include easier movement of goods from Great Britain to Northern Ireland through the green lane.

"For some businesses, however, processes will be more burdensome under the Windsor Framework than under the protocol as it operates now.

"And where there is uncertainty, the red lane, with its more complex procedures, may have to be used."

The report says the framework brings significant improvements in areas such as medicines, pet travel and retail goods.

But one of the major issues raised by the inquiry is the treatment of "groupage" freight and mixed loads.

Groupage is when goods dispatched by several different companies are grouped together into the same lorry load.

The concern is that if just one pallet contains goods which are going on to the Republic of Ireland then the entire load will need to be processed through the red lane which will entail bureaucracy and cost.

Sarah Hards, sales director at AM Logistics, told the inquiry that groupage was forgotten about in the original NI Protocol "and really has not been remembered for this one".

The committee has asked the government to clarify how the framework's provisions will impact upon groupage and the movement of mixed loads, and what steps are being taken to address the concerns of affected businesses.

The Windsor Framework was announced by Rishi Sunak and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen

The inquiry also heard that regulatory divergence between GB and the EU, and therefore between GB and Northern Ireland, remains "number one concern" for businesses.

Regulatory divergence refers to the process by which new laws in either the EU or GB will, over time, lead to growing differences in the rules businesses face in each of those jurisdictions.

The committee said there was "an underlying fear" that Northern Ireland would find itself in a "no-man's land" between Great Britain and the EU, placing the competitiveness of Northern Ireland firms and their complex supply chains in jeopardy.

It welcomed the establishment of bodies to monitor such divergence but says it remains to be seen how effective these will be in practice.

The committee also reiterated a call for the UK government to create and maintain an up-to-date record of regulatory divergence and its impact on Northern Ireland.

In response to the report, a government spokesperson said the Windsor Framework "is the best deal for Northern Ireland", restoring the smooth flow of goods with Britain and protecting NI's place in the union.

"It cuts paperwork and checks compared to the old protocol, lifts the bans on products like seed potatoes and provides a durable, sustainable basis for the future," the spokesperson added.

"The committee's report underlines the importance of restoring the Northern Ireland Executive and Assembly - it sets out at length how restored institutions would give Northern Ireland a greater say over the new arrangements."

Civil servants have been running Northern Ireland departments since the Stormont executive collapsed 16 months ago, when the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) withdrew as part of its boycott of the post-Brexit trading arrangements.

In June, the DUP submitted a paper to the UK government with proposals on how to address key issues with the Windsor Framework.

The DUP's Lord Dodds, who sits on the committee, told BBC News NI the report "vindicates" his party's stance.

"The seven tests that we have set are iterations of what previous prime ministers have set out as the bare minimum which is acceptable, so we are repeating their words," he said.

Lord Dodds added the report "says the Windsor Framework is more burdensome and onerous than the current position that we operate with the easements and grace periods".

Glyn Roberts, of business representative organisation Retail NI, said the report "sets out a fair estimation of the challenges which will be faced by the local business community with the implementation of the Windsor Accord".

He said the report "rightly highlights issues around labelling requirements that impacts on our members".

"Retail NI is disappointed at the lack of effective engagement on the labelling issue with only a few months to go before the new system is introduced," Mr Roberts said.

The delivery of the framework and the resetting of EU/ UK relations has been perhaps the most tangible outcome of Rishi Sunak's premiership.

So it was no surprise that he came to Northern Ireland to give it the hard sell, saying it would make Northern Ireland "the world's most exciting economic zone".

The Lords' report is a somewhat more sober analysis, pointing out that issues remain.

But while UK policy continues to be a hard Brexit and a completely soft Irish border then some trade frictions on GB-NI trade will be inevitable.

Michael Allen has been named as the man who died at the scene

Tributes have been paid to a man stabbed to death near a nightclub on Sunday whom police have named as Michael Allen, 32.

Mr Allen was confirmed dead at the scene close to the Eclipse venue on Castle Canyke Road in Bodmin, Cornwall, following reports of a street brawl.

Seven men and women with suspected stab wounds were taken to hospital.

Police have been granted by magistrates more time to question a man, 24, in connection with their murder inquiry.

Police investigations are continuing in the area

The family of Mr Allen, from Liskeard, said he was a "much-loved son, brother, grandson, and uncle who loved his dogs".

The family wished to "respectfully request privacy at this time", their statement added.

The suspect, also from Bodmin, has been arrested on suspicion of murder, attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

Officers were called to the scene at 03:15 BST on Sunday.

Of the seven people injured, five have since been released and two remain in hospital recovering from surgery.

Bodmin Rugby Club have set up a tribute site for people to remember Michael Allen

A tribute site has been set up at Bodmin Rugby Club, where Mr Allen was a player, for people to gather and remember him.

Officers will be in attendance to support the local community between 16:00 and 18:00 BST on Monday, and twice daily from 10:00 to 12:00 and then 16:00 to 18:00 for the next week.

The club said Mr Allen's "humour and kindness has left a mark on us all, and we will miss him dearly".

Det Insp Ilona Rosson said police would "continue to ask the public for their help" in the investigation.

She said: "If you have any information relating to this murder and have yet to have spoken with the police, please come forward immediately. The information you have, no matter how small you may feel it could be, could be vital to our investigation."

It is unclear whether the victims had attended the nightclub prior to the violence outside.

Eclipse released a statement saying it was "deeply saddened" by the events and its "thoughts are with the victims and their families".

Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A music festival in the Inner Hebrides has been cancelled the day before events were due to begin as a result of "extreme weather".

Organisers of Tiree Music Festival said the decision had been "incredibly difficult" but necessary in order to get campers and staff back to safety.

Islanders have rallied to accommodate those stranded, with strong winds and rain forecast from Friday.

The BBC understands hundreds are on Tiree for the small-scale event.

It was due to run from Friday to Sunday and features acts such as Wet Wet Wet, Tide Lines and Skerryvore.

Organisers said they had secured all campers with accommodation for the night and had begun bussing people to homes and halls across the island.

They advised Friday's ferry to Oban was at 10:35 and foot passenger tickets for sailings across the weekend would be valid for this journey.

A spokesperson said: "Anyone who is able to make their own way to the ferry terminal tomorrow [Friday] morning should do so. For everyone else, we will provide transport for you.

"Vehicles will be boarded on a first come first served basis. Campervans are welcome to remain onsite or move to an alternative location on the island. Campervans wishing to leave Tiree should speak directly with CalMac.

"We must once again stress to everyone who was planning to come to Tiree, or who are on their way to us, to please turn around and make your way home."

Jim Gamble owns a house in Tiree and plans to accommodate stranded festival-goers for the night.

He was not attending the festival, but decided to open his home to help those who might be struggling after the cancellation.

Jim Gamble is opening his home to stranded festival-goers

"The message went out to the community, so we're just responding to that," he said.

"I can accommodate about four or five people, and transport comes into it with how many folk we can fit in the car.

"The whole community pulls together in situations like this.

"You'll see that, with all those cars waiting outside."

Garth Harrison, from Kenmore, and Ali Lamont, from Dunkeld, are attending the festival for the first time.

"We're gutted obviously," said Mr Harrison.

Ali Lamont and Garth Harrison arrived on Tiree on Thursday

"We took a couple days off work so that's really not ideal. But you can't blame the organisers for cancelling it because you can see the tents and everything are falling down.

"We do wish that they could've looked at the forecast and told us and maybe given a bit of a warning about it ahead of everyone coming here and setting up.

"We've no idea where we're going tomorrow morning so it's not brilliant."

Ms Lamont added: "If you're coming all the way to Tiree, you take the risk."

Mhairi Marwick was due to teach at the Fèis Thiriodh and play with Celtic Worship at the festival.

Mhairi Marwick was due to perform at the festival

She said: "I'm so gutted for the team who have put so much work and time and effort into this.

"It's a brilliant festival, so it's such a shame. It's one of these festivals on everyone's radar for the summer, so it's just devastating for the bands.

"It's really sad it's not happening this year.

"But I don't think there's many musicians who have arrived on the island and the boat's not coming tonight, so it might be quiet over the weekend."

She said an impromptu ceilidh had broken out in a nearby hall where revellers sheltered from the strong winds.

Organisers earlier said the safety of people on the site was their first priority and they did not take cancelling events lightly.

The Scottish folk music festival was scheduled to feature 26 acts as well as beach yoga, Gaelic song workshops, walking tours and magic shows.

A ceilidh which was set to welcome the festival on Thursday night has also been cancelled.

CalMac said its Thursday evening sailing to Tiree from Oban was unable to berth.

It said the Oban ferry terminal would remain open overnight tonight to accommodate those without accommodation.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Stars including Cillian Murphy, Matt Damon and Emily Blunt have walked the red carpet in London for the eagerly-awaited UK premiere of Oppenheimer.

Christopher Nolan's much-hyped movie tells the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer, known for developing the atomic bomb.

Rami Malek, Florence Pugh and Robert Downey Jr are also among its big names.

But several stars left the premiere early, because of strike action called on Thursday evening.

Director Nolan told the audience before the screening of the film that "unfortunately they've left to write their picket signs".

Hollywood actors began their strike after talks between their union and major studios and streaming giants broke down. Writers in Hollywood are already taking industrial action - and a "double strike" such as this has not been seen since the 1960s and could bring the industry to a halt, as well as disrupting Oppenheimer's New York premiere on Monday.

Crowds gathered to watch the movie's makers and stars walk the red carpet, joined by celebrities including actor Jefferson Hall, acting husband-and-wife Josh Hartnett and Tamsin Egerton, and singer Sam Ryder.

Matt Damon, Emily Blunt, Cillian Murphy and Florence Pugh arrive for the premiere in Leicester Square

British-American director Christopher Nolan attended the premiere with his wife, Emma Thomas, and four children

Speaking on the red carpet, Murphy told BBC News there was a "great atmosphere" in London, and "the response to the movie has been extraordinary".

Many of the stars told the BBC they were drawn to the film because of director Nolan. "There's a reason we all say that, it's just he's making the best movies right now," said Damon. "It's a thrill to get a call from him."

The premiere at the Odeon in Leicester Square comes ahead of the movie's release in the UK next Friday.

It comes the day after Wednesday night's premiere of Barbie, which is also out on 21 July. Because of the contrast between the two films and the same release date, many fans are planning to watch both, in what has been dubbed Barbenheimer.

TikTok trainspotter Francis Bourgeois grins for the cameras at the premiere

Brian Cox - an actual scientist - was also spotted on the red carpet

WhatsApp messages sent to and by Boris Johnson before May 2021 have still not been handed over to the Covid inquiry, because they are stuck on his phone.

The government had until 16.00 BST on Monday to hand over relevant material to the inquiry after the Cabinet Office lost a legal challenge.

But the BBC understands neither the government nor Mr Johnson's team can access messages on the phone.

The phone, which Mr Johnson used until May 2021, is with the ex-PM's lawyers.

It has prompted Whitehall officials to formally notify the inquiry why they have not yet been able to send them the correspondence.

Inquiry chair Baroness Hallett had requested access to WhatsApp messages on Mr Johnson's devices from a group chat set up to discuss the pandemic response.

She also asked to see WhatsApp messages he exchanged with a host of politicians, including then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak, as well as various civil servants, including the UK's top civil servant Simon Case.

But the former PM's WhatsApp messages are held on a mobile phone which has been turned off and securely locked away since May 2021, due to a security breach.

Mr Johnson was forced to change his mobile phone in 2021 after it emerged his number had been publicly available online for 15 years.

The rest of the messages the High Court ruled should be shared with the inquiry were sent on Monday morning.

BBC political editor Chris Mason says there is widespread irritation within government at the failure to comply with the inquiry's demand to be sent Mr Johnson's messages. Access to a mobile phone conventionally requires knowledge of a passcode - which only the phone's owner would normally know.

Mr Johnson's phone - which he used during crucial periods of the Covid pandemic - is currently with his lawyers.

The BBC understands government officials have attempted to help Mr Johnson access the data on the phone, while in the company of his representatives.

But the phone has never been in the sole possession of the government, as it belongs to Mr Johnson.

Mr Johnson's team say "he will be happy to disclose any relevant material to the inquiry when it is accessible" and insist "full cooperation is underway".

The government had attempted to block an order by inquiry chair Baroness Hallett to have access to Mr Johnson's WhatsApps, diaries and notebooks in full.

In an unprecedented step, the government launched a judicial review of the order. But the High Court rejected the government's argument, ruling inquiries should be allowed to "fish" for documents.

Mr Johnson said he was "more than happy" for the inquiry to see his unredacted messages. The former prime minister previously said he had handed over WhatsApp messages, diaries and personal notebooks to the Cabinet Office in unredacted form.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Earthquake shakes New York and New Jersey

New York and cities on the US East Coast are assessing the impact of a rare earthquake that swayed landmarks and cracked roads.

The magnitude-4.8 quake struck at 10:23 local time (15:23 BST) near Lebanon, New Jersey, and could be felt from Pennsylvania to Connecticut.

Residents spoke of being rocked by a violent rumbling that threw objects around their homes and damaged walls.

Officials are now conducting safety assessments of infrastructure.

At least six aftershocks were reported by residents and the United States Geological Survey, including one with a 4.0 magnitude felt around 18:00 local time.

In New York, the Statue of Liberty was seen swaying during the initial earthquake, while workers and residents across the city's five boroughs reported violent rumbling.

Jane Coxwell told the BBC she felt a "rattling" like a train passing while she was in a building in lower Manhattan. "Living in New York I have become accustomed to rattling from the subway. That's what I thought it was," she said.

"Then I realised I was on the ninth floor. It was a bit unsteady for sure. It felt like a passing train."

Brooklyn and the Bronx residents reported rattling cupboards, doors and fixtures.

Charita Walcott, a 38-year-old from the Bronx, said the quake felt "like a violent rumble that lasted about 30 seconds or so".

"It was kind of like being in a drum circle, that vibration," she said.

Another New York resident told the BBC's US partner CBS News how their lazy morning suddenly turned. "I was laying in my bed, and my whole apartment building started shaking. I started freaking out," they said.

At the UN Security Council headquarters, a meeting on Gaza was temporarily paused due to the tremor. "Is that an earthquake?" said Save the Children representative Janti Soeripto, who was speaking at the time.

Aircraft at two airports - JFK in New York and Newark in New Jersey - were temporarily grounded while runways were inspected.

Yet for all of the drama, New York state Governor Kathy Hochul said there had been no reports of major damage or injuries.

Ms Hochul warned of aftershocks, but said they are normal and not expected to cause further damage.

The latest aftershock in the early evening was reported on social media by several users, including the official page for the Empire State Building, which wrote on X: "Not again" and "I'm still fine".

Ms Hochul said that officials had started a damage assessment across the state to ensure the safety of buildings and infrastructure. "It's been an unsettling day, to say the least," she added.

In the town of Union, New Jersey, about 35 miles from the epicentre, resident David Scibione told CBS how "things on our roof started coming down" when the shaking began. And when it had finished, the roads around his house had split from the force.

Allison Martins, also of New Jersey, was recording on TikTok when the rumbling started. Her "little video on the day in the life of somebody who works from nine to five" became something more as her camera caught her house shaking.

"We're not used to having earthquakes in New Jersey, let alone a big one like this; we were all scared," she said.

New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy said his state had also started a safety assessment. His top concern were the Hudson River tunnels, although there were no reports of major damage.

"The rail tunnels were built in...1911, which is why we're building two new ones," he said.

Cracks appeared in roads closer to the epicentre - such as here in Union, New Jersey

The East Coast and New York City are no strangers to earthquakes, although they are rare.

A quake hit near the town of Newcomb in upstate New York with a 5.1 magnitude in 1983, and a 5.0-magnitude tremor was measured in New York City in 1884.

But the biggest to affect the East Coast was in 2011, when a 5.8 quake in Virginia forced hundreds of thousands of people to evacuate buildings in New York, Washington DC and other cities.

Jessica Jobe, of the US Geological Survey, said said that Friday's quake may have happened on an old fault line that had become "reactivated".

"Although there are no known active faults in the area, there are dozens of older inactive faults that formed millions of years ago," she said. "And under the current stresses from tectonic plates moving those faults can be intermittently reactivated."

She added that earthquakes "can happen anywhere at any time", but there was only a 3% chance of a 5 magnitude aftershock in the next week.

The stage show is over, and so is this live text. Thanks for joining us this evening.

Read the news story of the parade here.

That's the end of the football season now, we'll see you back in August.

Lol jk it's the Netherlands v Croatia in the Nations League on Wednesday. See you then.

Andrew Edwards is alleged to have said white men should have black slaves

A councillor accused of saying white men should have black slaves has been suspended by the Conservative Party.

Political opponents identified the voice of Andrew Edwards on a recording of someone making racist remarks.

Mr Edwards, who represents the Haverfordwest Prendergast ward on Pembrokeshire council, said he could not comment as the case had been referred to a watchdog.

The Conservatives said he had been suspended while it investigated.

A 16-second audio recording was shared online of someone saying: "Nothing wrong with the skin colour at all.

"I think all white men should have a black man as a slave or black woman as a slave, you know.

"There's nothing wrong with skin colour, it's just that they're lower class than us white people."

Mr Edwards would not confirm whether the recording was of him when asked, but said in a statement on Tuesday: "I am aware of such serious allegations being made against me.

"This is why I have self-referred to the Public Services Ombudsman for an independent evaluation.

"It is now in the hands of legal experts and the ombudsman. It would be unfair on the process for me to comment."

Independent-led Pembrokeshire council said it had also referred the case to the ombudsman.

Mr Edwards left the opposition Conservative group on Pembrokeshire council after the allegations were made against him.

The comments have been widely criticised, including by the leader of the Welsh Conservatives in the Senedd.

Andrew RT Davies said: "The views expressed in the recording are disgraceful, abhorrent and are not shared by the Welsh Conservatives."

A senior Labour council leader criticised the time it took to suspend him.

Andrew Morgan, leader of Rhondda Cynon Taf council, tweeted that it "took [the Welsh Conservatives] long enough to suspend him".

Fatoumatta Hydara died two days after her daughters Naeemah Drammeh and Fatimah Drammeh

A man who killed his neighbour and her two daughters by setting their flat on fire has been found guilty of murder.

Fatoumatta Hydara, 28, died along with Fatimah and Naeemah Drammeh, aged three and one, after their home in Clifton, Nottingham, was set alight in November.

Jamie Barrow, 31, had admitted their manslaughter at Nottingham Crown Court but denied three counts of murder.

On Tuesday a jury found him guilty of the more serious charges.

The trial heard Barrow had poured petrol through the letterbox of the family's Fairisle Close flat in the early hours of 20 November and set it alight.

Jurors were told he had a grievance about bags of rubbish being left in an alleyway behind where he and the victims lived but the prosecution did not accept Mrs Hydara was the person responsible and police said no clear motive had been established.

Prosecutors said Barrow knew the flat's front door was the only way in and out when he set the fire.

He had claimed he thought the property was empty but the court was told he did nothing when he heard screams.

Mrs Hydara and her daughters died from smoke inhalation.

Prosecutors said Barrow had lit the fire using tissue paper and petrol from his motorbike.

They said it would have been clear the family were inside because a pram was left outside the door and there was light coming from the hallway.

After setting the fire Barrow was seen on CCTV walking away from the burning flat with his dog while smoking a cigarette, police said.

Emergency services attended the scene and police said Barrow later returned and asked officers "how bad" the fire was.

Barrow, who admitted drinking "seven or eight" pints of lager before starting the fire, had given evidence to the police afterwards when detectives were treating the incident as a hate crime.

He later admitted his involvement to them.

In court he claimed he had been suffering from a "very, very low mood" and was "wallowing in self-pity" before starting the fire, caused partially by his emotionally unstable personality disorder.

He said he did not expect the blaze to take hold as rapidly as it did and was driven to admit what he had done to officers due to "an immense amount of guilt".

In addition to murder, Barrow was also convicted of one count of arson being reckless as to whether life was in danger and is due to be sentenced at the same court on Friday.

Some members of the victims' family, to whom he apologised while giving evidence, wept after the verdicts were delivered.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

After Barrow's conviction, relatives of Mrs Hydara and her children released a statement describing their pain and grief.

They said: "Words cannot quantify how much our family have suffered because of the horrific actions of one man.

"Neither can we quantify the emotional, psychological, physiological and financial impact of the crime Jamie Barrow committed against Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah.

"His actions were utterly heartless and cruel - and have caused a multigenerational trauma that we will never understand.

"Fatoumatta was a caring daughter, wife, sister, mother and friend. If love and compassion could make a person immortal, she would have lived forever.

"She had a pure heart and was greatly loved for her personality and qualities.

"She was the most incredible mother to Fatimah and Naeemah, two angels who deserved a beautiful childhood and a full life.

"Nottingham and the rest of the world have been denied potential future teachers, civil servants, doctors - who knows what they could have been?

"They lived a short but meaningful life, such was the joy and happiness they brought to us all."

Barrow had claimed he did not realise anyone was inside the flat

Mrs Hydara's family thanked the Gambian community in the UK and internationally for the support it had offered them since the fatal fire.

They also thanked Nottinghamshire Police, the Crown Prosecution Service, and the jurors.

Before they died Mrs Hydara and her children had been planning to move to the US to be with her husband Aboubacarr Drammeh.

Det Insp Kaz Smithson, who led the investigation, said: "Jamie Barrow committed the most despicable crime anyone could ever commit.

"He destroyed a whole family and took away their dreams of a happy life together in America.

"Today, justice has been served for Fatoumatta, Fatimah and Naeemah and their family, all of whom have carried themselves with incredible dignity since the night of this truly awful crime.

"Barrow denied the killings were deliberate but, thankfully, my investigative team was able to provide overwhelming evidence that this tragic event was indeed murder.

"We saw through his lies and, thankfully, so did the jury."

The family had been planning a new life overseas

After the hearing Nottinghamshire Police said Barrow's motive for starting the fire might never be known but jurors heard one theory was that he wanted to rehoused by local authorities.

Ch Insp Karl Thomas said: "I acknowledge there are many members of the community who believe these murders were a hate crime.

"It's important to say that, following a very detailed and thorough investigation by a large team of detectives, the investigation team left no stone unturned to investigate the circumstances and presented the evidence to the jury to reach these verdicts."

Mrs Hydara's husband Aboubacarr Drammeh read a family statement outside court following the verdicts

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

It was Alexander Lukashenko who had brokered the deal to end the Wagner mutiny. So we're told.

So if there's anyone who can shine a light on this murkiest of stories, surely it's the leader of Belarus. Or so we hope.

We're part of a small group of journalists invited to the Palace of Independence in Minsk for "a conversation" with Mr Lukashenko.

Only a few weeks ago there'd been feverish speculation about his health. But the Belarusian leader clearly has stamina. The "conversation" lasts nearly four hours.

Instead of shining a light, though, he muddies the waters on the recent Russian uprising.

According to the agreement between the Wagner Group and the Kremlin, Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin was supposed to move to Belarus, along with some of his fighters.

That hasn't happened. Not yet anyway.

"As of this morning," says Mr Lukashenko, "the Wagner fighters, very serious ones, are still in the camps they'd withdrawn to after Bakhmut.

"As for Yevgeny Prigozhin, he's in St Petersburg. Or perhaps this morning he flew to Moscow. Or perhaps he's somewhere else. But he's not in Belarus."

I ask Alexander Lukashenko whether that means the deal is off.

He denies that. It feels as if there are conversations going on behind the scenes we're not going to be told about.

Steve Rosenberg (L by the door) was among a group of journalists who spent four hours with Mr Lukashenko

When it comes to discussing the mutiny, Moscow and Minsk have not exactly been on the same page.

Last weekend Russian state TV declared that President Vladimir Putin had emerged from these dramatic events a hero.

"I think that no-one came out of that situation a hero," Mr Lukashenko tells me.

"Not Prigozhin, not Putin, not Lukashenko. There were no heroes. And the lesson from this? If we create armed groups like this, we need to keep an eye on them and pay serious attention to them."

The "conversation" moves on to nuclear weapons. In particular, the nuclear warheads Russia has said it is moving to Belarus.

Once a thorn in his side, Alexander Lukashenko became increasingly reliant on Vladimir Putin after the disputed 2020 election

"God forbid I should ever have to take the decision to use them," Mr Lukashenko had said recently, adding, "But I won't hesitate to use them."

I remind him of those comments.

"Joe Biden could say the same thing, and Prime Minister Sunak," Mr Lukashenko replies. "And my friend Xi Jinping and my Big Brother President Putin."

"But these are not your weapons we're talking about," I point out. "They're Russian ones. It's not your decision to take."

"In Ukraine a whole army is fighting with foreign weapons, isn't it," the Belarusian leader retorts. "Nato weapons. Because they've run out of their own. So why can't I fight with someone else's weapons?"

But we're talking nuclear weapons, not pistols, I reply.

As you can probably guess from his nuclear comments, Alexander Lukashenko is a controversial figure.

The US, EU and the UK do not recognise him as the legitimate president of Belarus. In 2020 Belarusians poured on to the streets to accuse him of stealing the country's presidential election. The protests were brutally suppressed.

"For months her relatives and lawyers have been denied access to her in prison. Why?" I ask.

"I don't know anything about this," he claims.

"The last time I interviewed you in the autumn of 2021, there were 873 political prisoners in Belarus," I remind Mr Lukashenko. "Now there are 1,500."

"There is no article in our criminal code for political crimes," he replies.

The absence of an article on political crimes doesn't mean there are no political prisoners, I point out.

"Prisoners cannot be political prisoners, if there's no article," he insists. "How can they be?"

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Where is Yevgeny Prigozhin? And why does it matter?

A Scottish singer-songwriter has described the moment he was invited by Post Malone to perform a private concert at a bar in Glasgow.

Gregor Hunter Coleman was playing at Wunderbar in the city centre when he met the US rapper.

After being offered a drink by the star, Coleman politely declined, saying he was saving money to buy his first home.

Post Malone later offered to help pay for a deposit towards the house in return for the performance.

Coleman described the "bizarre" encounter as the "chance of a lifetime".

The hard rock band Kiss has sold its back catalogue of songs to a Swedish music investor for a figure thought to be upwards of $300m (£237m).

Stockholm-based Pophouse Entertainment also bought the group's brand, likeness and intellectual property.

The sale marks the band's retirement from live performances on their End of the Road World Tour.

Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen have also sold their back catalogues for multi-million dollar figures.

Both artists sold to big music houses for $500m (£395m) and $450m (£355m) respectively.

Although details of the Kiss deal have not been revealed it is understood to be similar to that of the British band Genesis, but less than the back catalogue sale of Michael Jackson's work ($600m/£474m).

However Pophouse will own not just the rights to the music but the entire Kiss brand, including intellectual property sales, which will allow the Swedish firm to generate future AI-generated content.

The company, which previously collaborated with Kiss on a digital avatar project in December last year, also produced the Abba Voyage concerts based on a similar principle.

Kiss was founded in 1973 by lead singers Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons. The opening line-up, which also included Ace Frehley and Peter Criss, became renowned for their iconic face paint.

In their 1970s heyday the band produced such hits as Rock and Roll All Nite and God of Thunder.

In 1983 they appeared without face paint for the first time and enjoyed something of a resurgence. This was known as their "unmasking". They later re-masked in the late 1990s.

Kiss have sold some 100 million records over the past 50 years.

Speaking to BBC World Business Report, Gene Simmons, widely regarded as the entrepreneurial heart of the band, addressed questions about the scale of monies involved.

He declined to put a precise figure on it but teased that it might be "billions of dollars" before suggesting that would be a tall and "unfair" claim.

"We will be able to pay our rent, but for any amount of money we wouldn't get into bed with the wrong folks," he said.

"The best thing about this deal is who we're doing the deal with, about the collaborative nature and about how we've met our newest best friends for the rest of our lives."

Also speaking to the BBC, Per Sundin, CEO of Pophouse, lauded the partnership.

"They have a unique IP in the makeup, in the dresses and the personas, and they have fantastic music, and they have fans all over the world in all the generations," he told the BBC.

Mr Simmons, who sang and played bass for the band, along with his co-founder and co-lead singer Paul Stanley, will continue to be closely involved with the ongoing development of the brand and AI-generated material that leans into the band's library of work.

He characterised the ongoing relationship as that of a mother to her baby.

"A mother sees her child grow up and get married or stuff, but you're never gonna get rid of the mom," he said. "You can't just hand it over to somebody, although we have shared vision."

Kiss are renowned for being prolific marketeers of branded products. Mr Simmons said they had stamped their brand on 5000 products - everything from coffee to condoms and even coffins.

To a man who also told the BBC that "more money is always good," is there anything they would not sell?

"Kiss crack is probably not a good idea. No Kiss cigarettes. But the rest of the world is open, why not? Branding makes things fun."

Greg Rutkowski's name has been used as a prompt in AI tools that generate art more than 400,000 times - but without his consent

"My work has been used in AI more than Picasso."

Artificial intelligence (AI) is changing life as we know it, but for digital artist Greg Rutkowski it is causing big problems.

He said his name had been used as a prompt in AI tools that generate art more than 400,000 times since September 2022 - but without his consent.

When he checked, his name had been used as a prompt more times than the artists Pablo Picasso and Leonardo da Vinci.

Polish-born artist Greg has had his work used in games such as Dungeons and Dragons and Magic: The Gathering, but said his new found AI fame has caused concern for his future work.

Sites like Midjourney, Dall.E, NightCafe and Stable Diffusion are known as generative AI because they can make new, artificially-generated artworks in seconds from prompts that users type in.

They have learned to do this by scraping billions of existing images from the internet. Artists are complaining this has been done without their consent.

Greg Rutkowski says even he would struggle to distinguish between the AI versions of his work and his own

Greg said: "The first month that I discovered it, I realised that it will clearly affect my career and I won't be able to recognise and find my own works on the internet.

"The results will be associated with my name, but it won't be my image. It won't be created by me. So it will add confusion for people who are discovering my works."

"All that we've been working on for so many years has been taken from us so easily with AI," he added.

"It's really hard to tell whether this will change the whole industry to the point where human artists will be obsolete. I think my work and future are under a huge question mark."

While the problems are clear, there are some ways AI tools can be used to benefit artists, according to Cardiff-based animator Harry Hambley, who is the creative force behind internet sensation Ketnipz.

"I think for me the biggest thing generative art can solve is tedium," he said.

"But it can be scary and the internet's already a wild place, and you mix AI in with that… we don't know where it's going to go.

"Do I think that my job will ever be sacrificed to AI or AI will do it better than me? I don't know. I hope not."

Artist Harry Hambley says the biggest problem is we do not know how far AI will go

Harry said he thought there was more to art than how it looked.

"At the end of the day I think that there's a bigger reason why people are invested in Ketnipz and I don't think it's just the mere aesthetics of it.

"I think there's a personality behind it that I don't think someone imitating can really tap into."

James Lewis's brush control has made him a hit on TikTok

Artist James Lewis, from Cardiff, creates videos of his painting technique for more than seven million followers on TikTok and Instagram.

He has yet to find out if his work has been used by the tools, but said because AI has learned from billions of artworks, it would be hard to trace which artists' works have been used in each image.

"If there was a way to go back and figure out who inspired this style of image that was generated, I think it would be fair for that artist to receive some sort of compensation," he said.

James Lewis' piece, Kaboom: "If there was a way figure out who inspired this style of image... it would be fair to receive some sort of compensation"

In the meantime he thinks artists should keep being creative.

"I do have hope that as much as AI art will develop and it'll get better, but it will never be able to capture that true human essence, that true creativity that we have as people," he said.

"You will still need your own creative ideas, your own initiative."

Artist Caroline Sinders says she will be exercising her copyright rights

For artist and human rights researcher Caroline Sinders, it is for AI companies to address the problem.

She said: "Part of the argument we hear from companies is, 'we have so much data, it would be impossible for us to tell, like searching for a needle in a haystack'.

"I would like to say, well, that's a 'you' problem, not a 'me' problem.

"I have a copyright on the images and I plan to enact my copyright if my images are used without my consent."

She said she was also worried about the bias that these tools created and how it meant AI art was not reflecting the real world.

"Let's say we ask an image generation AI system to generate a doctor assessing care to a family," she said.

"Most likely that doctor will be generated as male and probably as white, and the parent will probably be generated as female.

"And this is not an example I'm randomly making up. There have been tests done by asking these sort of blanket questions without gender being in the text prompt and, more often than not, it's reflecting these stereotypes."

This extends to racial bias and also ableism, said Irene Fubara-Manuel, a lecturer at the University of Sussex.

While they said they were excited about the possibilities provided by generative art, issues such as racial and gender biases in some images created were hard to overcome.

"I was trying to dye my hair over the summer, and I was just looking up 'people of colour, blonde locks'," they said.

Irene Fubara-Manuel says they noticed bias when searching for images to try out new hairstyles

"What I got in response was this regal, I would say, fetishised image of black people. You know, chiselled jaw lines, their skin was iridescent.

"It's like, there are black people who are that beautiful, but the images that you see commonly in a lot of AI are very, very fetishised representations of people.

"You would not see people who are plus size, or people who have visible disabilities, for instance."

Artists are now calling on regulators in the UK and worldwide to take more action to protect artists and the industry.

Irene said artists were not against AI but, "the argument is against exploitation".

"But I'm hopeful that it will contribute to human creativity in general, just like how the creation of computers added more to creativity. I'm excited for its contribution," they said.

Caroline said more regulation of the emerging AI industry in the UK would not "stifle" innovation.

"It makes things safer and that's why we have certain laws," she said.

"That's why right now we have seatbelts and airbags for cars and a lot of rules about them. When they were first invented, we didn't have any of that.

"So it's not at all out of step to sort of ask for, or to create, guardrails and protections."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Trevor Jacob bailed out of a solo flight over the Los Padres mountains in California in 2021

A YouTuber who intentionally crashed an aeroplane for views will plead guilty to obstructing a federal investigation by cleaning up the site of the crash, US prosecutors say.

Trevor Jacob, 29, posted the video of the plane crash to YouTube in December 2021, implying it was an accident. It has over 2.9 million views to date.

In a plea agreement, he said he filmed the video as part of a product sponsorship deal.

He could face up to 20 years in prison.

The 29-year-old pilot and skydiver has agreed to plead guilty to one felony count of destruction and concealment with the intent to obstruct a federal investigation, the US justice department said in a statement on Thursday.

In November 2021, Mr Jacob left a Santa Barbara, California airport on a solo flight with cameras mounted on his plane. Along with the cameras, Mr Jacob took a parachute with him, as well as a selfie stick.

He "did not intend to reach his destination, but instead planned to eject from his aircraft during the flight and video himself parachuting to the ground and his airplane as it descended and crashed", the US Attorney's Office for the Central District of California said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The plane crashed into the Los Padres National Forest 35 minutes after takeoff. He hiked to the site and recovered the footage.

Some YouTube viewers were sceptical of the crash, noting that Mr Jacob was already wearing a parachute and made no attempt to land the plane safely.

He reported the crash to the National Transportation Safety Board, who said he was responsible for preserving the wreckage. According to the plea agreement, Mr Jacob later claimed he did not know the location of the site.

He did, and returned by helicopter and secured and removed the wreckage, which he later destroyed, the statement says.

Mr Jacob is expected to make his initial court appearance in the coming weeks.

His pilot's licence was revoked last year.

Mr Jacob's lawyer has not responded to the BBC's request for comment.

Mr Jacob leaving the plane before the crash

Pierre Lacotte's role in the famous defection was recounted in a 2018 biopic titled The White Crow

Pierre Lacotte, a French ballet choreographer who helped superstar Rudolf Nureyev defect from the Soviet Union, has died aged 91.

"Our Pierre left us at 4:00 am," said his wife, retired principal dancer Ghislaine Thesmar.

Lacotte helped Nureyev escape KGB agents in Paris and seek asylum at the capital's Le Bourget airport in 1961.

His role in the famous defection was recounted in a 2018 biopic titled The White Crow directed by Ralph Fiennes.

Ms Thesmar said her husband had died after a cut became septic.

Lacotte started his career at the Paris Opera Ballet as a teenager and later turned his attention to the revival of forgotten 19th Century productions.

In 1961, he became friends with Nureyev while he was on tour in Paris. Lacotte told the BBC in 2012 that he accompanied Nureyev on several tours of the city's restaurants, bars and museums.

This angered the KGB agents who were on the trip, and Nureyev was told he was to be sent home. Nureyev believed he would not be allowed to leave the country again.

Nureyev pleaded with Lacotte not to leave his side at the airport, but Nureyev was surrounded by KGB agents.

Lacotte asked the agents if he and his friend, socialite Clara Saint, could say goodbye to their friend before he left.

"I said, listen Rudolf, look behind me there is Clara Saint, and behind Clara Saint is a policeman. You just have to come to him. You kiss me, you kiss Clara and you say you want to be free. And it's done," Lacotte said.

"I said don't be afraid, stay quiet and do as I say."

Nureyev then made a dash towards two French police and declared that he wished to remain in the West.

Despite being recognised as one of the greatest dancers of his era, Nureyev and his family paid a heavy price. He was only allowed back to the USSR more than 25 years later when his mother was dying, while his Soviet friends' careers were made to suffer.

Nureyev was one of the greatest dancers of his generation

After suffering an ankle injury, Lacotte turned his attention to the archives of the Paris Opera from 1968.

They included La Sylphide, the first ballet performed completely "en pointe" - where the dancers stand on the tip of their toes - when it was first produced in 1832.

His final work in 2021 was a production of The Red and the Black based on the 1830 novel by French writer Stendhal.

Despite being 91 he was still working, his wife said.

"It's very sad. He still had so many projects and was writing a book," she added.

Weather watchers enjoyed the Bangor coastal path at the weekend with better weather to follow

A heatwave is set to hit Northern Ireland as temperatures nudge close to 30C at times.

Thermometers could climb to the high 20s towards the east on Monday in parts of counties Down, Antrim, and Armagh.

Those are temperatures up to 10C above average for the time of the year.

That would make it as warm as some holiday hotspots like Benidorm and Gran Canaria in Spain, and Albufeira in Portugal.

The Met Office defines a heatwave in Northern Ireland as three consecutive days above 25C.

That heat could spark off thunderstorms on Monday and Tuesday, especially across western counties where a warning has been issued.

The yellow alert for counties Fermanagh, Tyrone, and Londonderry lasts from noon until 21:00 BST on Monday.

It is expected that the yellow weather warning will extend to counties Antrim, Armagh and Down on Tuesday and will last from noon until 21:00 BST.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Met Office - Northern Ireland This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Although many places will avoid them, the Met Office says 20-30mm of rain could fall in an hour where the showers hit.

A few spots could see between 40-50mm with lightning and hail.

The rest of the week will stay very warm with the chance of some heavy and thundery showers, especially the first half of the week.

Temperatures will stay in and around the mid twenties right through until next weekend, at least.

On Saturday the hottest day of the year so far was recorded as temperatures hit 25.3C in Armagh.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Met Éireann This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In the Republic of Ireland, Met Éireann, has also issued a yellow weather warning for counties Leinster, Cavan, Donegal, Monaghan, Leitrim, Roscommon, Sligo, Tipperary and Waterford.

It said localised heavy downpours could lead to localised flooding and difficult travelling conditions in these areas.

Bishop of Birkenhead, the Right Reverend Julie Conalty, said the "church seems less safe"

A senior Church of England bishop responsible for safeguarding has told the BBC she does not "entirely trust the church" on tackling abuse.

The Bishop of Birkenhead, the Right Reverend Julie Conalty spoke after the Church sacked a panel of experts overseeing its safeguarding.

She later tweeted: "Today the church seems less safe".

The Church said its relations with the two of the experts on the panel had broken down.

The Archbishops' Council announced on Wednesday it was "ending the contracts" of all three members of the Independent Safeguarding Board (ISB) it had set up to provide oversight of how the Church deals with abuse.

Two of the panel - Jasvinder Sanghera and Steve Reeves - recently told the Daily Telegraph working with church officials was "an uphill battle".

Their sacking has been met with criticism from some survivors and their advocates and now some members of the clergy.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World At One, Bishop Conalty, who is the Church's deputy head of safeguarding with a focus on survivor engagement, said: "I think culturally we are resistant as a church to accountability, to criticism.

"And therefore I don't entirely trust the church, even though I'm a key part of it and a leader within it, because I see the way the wind blows is always in a particular direction."

The bishop said "right at the moment it is less accountable" and "we have definitely taken a step back".

She continued to say the decision causes survivors - who had a "good degree of trust" in the board - "distress and anger" as the independent body has "seamlessly disappeared before their eyes".

Alison Coulter, lay member of the Archbishops' Council, said the decision to sack the panel was not "taken lightly or easily" and the Church remains committed to hearing the voices of victims and survivors.

She told the same World At One show: "There was a breakdown in our working relationship, which is really regrettable.

"I don't want to blame anyone but we, the Archbishops' Council, felt we had no choice. There had been a dispute and the Council had been seeking to resolve that in good faith, but the two board members were reluctant to engage in those discussions. "

She would not discuss the details of the dispute but added: "We have been doing our best to work constructively. We haven't found compatibility through this framework."

ISB was part of the Church's response to the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse report in 2020, which found the Church of England was a "hiding place for abusers".

Asked if there were still places where abusers can hide in the Church, Mrs Coulter paused and said: "I can't with my hand on my heart say there isn't, but I do know… we want the church to be a safe place for everyone."

Speaking to the Telegraph last month, Ms Sanghera -who founded a charity supporting forced marriage victims - and Mr Reeves - a specialist in abuse in organisations - raised the alarm over "interference" with their work.

They also raised their objections to the appointment of Meg Munn as acting chairwoman of their three-strong board.

Former MP Ms Munn has been the independent chairwoman of the Church's National Safeguarding Panel for the past five years. Although her new role has been ended, she has been asked by the Church to continue in an interim role to provide "business continuity".

Mr Reeves tweeted on Thursday: "It's overwhelming to see people standing up for independence in safeguarding. It's been humbling to receive all the messages, in the hundreds now, expressing support for the work that Jas Sanghera and I have been doing - with the support of so many others - recently.

Ms Sanghera tweeted: "We have not been removed because of a breakdown in relationships. I have advocated for victims and survivors for three decades and never experienced anything like this."

The pair were also critical of how the news was delivered, claiming they were not given time to prepare victims for the news.

You can hear the full report from The World At One on BBC Sounds.

Selena Lau, eight, was "intelligent, cheeky and loved"

A former pupil and residents near a school where an eight-year-old girl died when a Land Rover crashed through a wall have been paying tribute.

Flowers and tributes have been left at the Wimbledon school after police removed the cordon.

Several people including a baby girl were taken to hospital after the incident at The Study Preparatory School on Thursday.

An eight-year-old girl and a woman in her 40s remain in a critical condition.

People came to pay their respects on Saturday at Wilberforce House

A 46-year-old woman who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving has been released on bail.

Amelia, 19, attended The Study Preparatory School in 2015. She and her brother laid flowers down on Saturday afternoon to pay their respects.

"I think the Study is a tightly knit community, it's quite a small school so even after people left, we are all together," she said.

"We came to pay our respects because it's not just a school, it's a community as well."

Max Austin, a councillor for Wimbledon, said his sister also used to attend.

"This is normally a very happy time here, everything is decorated for the tennis, the kids will get involved with it and the schools. There's a sort of crude juxtaposition between the festive atmosphere here in Wimbledon and now this," he said.

In a statement released earlier Selena was described by her family as an intelligent and cheeky girl. An end-of-term tea party had been taking place at the south-west London school when the Land Rover crashed through the fence and into a building.

Parents with a young child paid their respects at the scene of the crash and said everyone had been affected by it.

"Everyone is questioning how it could've happened," they said.

People came to leave flowers by The Study Preparatory School

Thomas Barlow, a councillor for Wimbledon Village, said everyone was shocked and it was horrendous it could happen on the last day of term.

"The whole village is in shock, a lot of the people had connections to this school," he said.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Eve Davies wonders what the point is in a graduation ceremony for her

A marking and assessment boycott means some final-year students face the prospect of having graduation ceremonies before final degree grades.

Cardiff University student Eve Davies, 22, said her marks could arrive in September, despite graduation in July.

The university said it regretted that the boycott was causing uncertainty for students.

The action by UCU union members follows a UK-wide dispute over pay and conditions.

It began on 20 April and will continue until employers make an improved offer on pay and conditions, a spokesperson said.

An offer of between 5% and 8% has been made, while a poll of universities found about 10% of students will be affected by the boycott.

Eve's three years studying English literature have been marred by disruption, from Covid-19 in her first couple of years to a fresh wave of strikes in her final year.

"Most of my degree obviously was delivered online through blended learning, so it was all very much you had to get on and do the work yourself.

"The lectures were uploaded, you had to figure out your schedule for when you'd get through them and then join a Zoom call for your seminars," she said.

She believes strikes in her second semester meant she had about half the teaching she should have.

Now, on top of this, she faces not knowing her final degree grade until after the summer.

"All we've heard is that our marks will not be released until 1 September, they've put that forward as a provisional date and our graduation ceremonies will still go ahead in July whether we have our marks by then or not," Eve said.

"It's particularly affected how I feel about graduation, obviously that's a ceremony that you really look forward to and I was really looking forward to it. But without knowing my marks by then, I feel like what's the point in graduating?"

Are graduations set to be affected by the marking boycott?

The boycott has also left Eve nervous about a course she is due to start on 25 September.

"I'm also going on to postgraduate study, I've got a conditional offer for that so it would just be nice to know that I have the marks there," she said.

She said she understood why lecturers were taking industrial action, but wished a resolution could be found quickly.

University unions have been striking over casual contracts, pay and workloads since 2019.

Dr Emily Lowthian, a lecturer in education at Swansea University, said conditions had worsened over her time in the sector.

Before getting a permanent lectureship, Dr Lowthian was on a variety of short-term contracts ranging from seven months to two years.

She said she was struggling to make ends meet due to the cost-of-living crisis.

"With the cost-of-living crisis, what my wage does now is actually nothing compared to what it would have done for people in 2009, so for me I'm really struggling to get on to the housing market," she added.

Dr Lowthian said her pay would be reduced by 50% while taking place in the marking boycott, which she said was disproportionate, adding: "We don't feel valued."

Some students have supported staff on the picket lines

Chief executive of employment association the Universities and Colleges Employers Association Raj Jethwa said employers recognised the cost-of-living pressures university staff were facing, but finances were stretched.

"The [pay] offer was at the very top of what the sector could afford back when we made it in February and many institutions have had to defer that uplift because they're financially stretched," he said.

He said institutions believed it was a "reasonable pay uplift" in the circumstances.

However, Dr Andy Williams, the media spokesperson for the Cardiff UCU branch, said he believed the money is there.

"Our working conditions are our students' learning conditions and you can't have excellent learning opportunities for students in world class universities when you are short-changing your staff the way they have with us over the last decade," he said.

Both Cardiff and Swansea universities said this was a national dispute and could not be resolved independently by them, and that they legally reserved the right to withhold pay for partial performance of duties.

In a statement, Swansea University said: "We are doing all we can to mitigate the impact of this action on our students, and we are committed at all times to upholding the standard of our awards and the quality of the education we provide.

"Locally we have good relations with the campus trades unions and are committed to remaining in regular dialogue with the UCU during the current dispute."

A Cardiff University spokesperson said it regretted the marking and assessment boycott is causing uncertainty for students.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for murder after his mum alerted police that he had stabbed another teenager to death.

Joshua Delbono killed 16-year-old Charley Bates during a fight between two groups in Radstock, Somerset.

Delbono's mother called 999 when he returned to his home in Frome, Bristol Crown Court had heard.

He was ordered to serve a minimum of 21 years after being found guilty by the jury following a two-week trial.

Delbono had admitted stabbing Charley but had denied murder, claiming he had been defending a friend.

Passing sentence, Judge William Hart told Delbono he had "lost self-control and of his senses".

"Charley had had no intention that this should have been anything other than a punch up between two boys," he said.

"You slashed at him causing a number of injuries - one to his arm, then, when there was no reason, you stabbed him through the heart."

Charley's mother Helen Freeman said in a victim impact statement her son's death had left her "utterly heartbroken".

Fighting back tears she described running to the car park hoping to get there before Charley passed away.

"Arriving at the scene, there was a complete lack of activity. The silence told me all I needed to know. I was too late and he was gone," she said.

She continued: "I have tried hard to take some solace from 'Charley Boy's' death, by hoping that he will be the last to be taken by knife crime. But that is not so.

"It would seem that my son Charley died for nothing. So many pointless, senseless deaths. Such a tragic waste of lives."

Ms Freeman paid tribute to all of Charley's friends who tried to help him, telling them: "I promise I'll always be there for you all."

The court heard that when Delbono's mother called the police, she said: "My son's killed someone. He's in my house now, I can't let him go anywhere."

Charley died after being stabbed in a car park near the town's library.

The court heard he was with a group of six friends at about 18.30 BST on the night, when two cars - one driven by Delbono - arrived in the car park.

There was a history of bad feeling between the victim and one of Delbono's group, the jury heard.

An exchange of insults between Charley and the defendant's friend rapidly escalated into the fight between the groups.

Seconds later the defendant got out of his vehicle armed with a five-inch knife and stabbed the victim several times, the jury heard.

As Charley bled to death, Delbono shouted "don't mess with us again" as he and his friends left the scene, witnesses reported.

The whole incident lasted less than five minutes.

Following the killing, Delbono drove to Shearwater Lake near Warminster in Wiltshire where he threw away the knife and burned some of his clothes.

One of Delbono's group filmed the blaze on their phone.

Radstock is a town, nestled on the edge of the Mendips, close to beautiful countryside - a place where one local told me "stabbings just don't happen here".

Nine months on, the murder of 16-year old-Charley Bates still hurts this town and the locals are still very much grieving for him.

Charley was a former pupil at Writhlington School, had just finished his GCSEs, and was getting ready to start at college.

He was well loved and well known, often seen riding down the high street on his moped.

On 2 September 2022, what would have been his 17th birthday, hundreds came together for Charley's memorial.

And months later in the car park behind the library where Charley died, three parking spaces are still cordoned off.

The spaces have become a memorial, covered in yellow flowers and flags, the teenager's favourite colour.

The police, school and youth services are still working hard together to calm tensions and implore young people not to carry knives.

The court heard Charley had also taken a bag containing a knife and a BB gun to the car park on the night of his death.

Following the stabbing, one of his friends dumped it in nearby woodland but it was recovered by police.

Charley's friends said he was not armed during the fight, the jury heard.

Delbono initially made no comment to police questions, but later admitted stabbing someone.

In a prepared statement, he said: "I thought my friend was being stabbed - this caused me to react."

He said he knew the person he had bought his vehicle from had left a knife inside it but that he did not mean to cause Charley serious harm.

"I didn't realise he was hurt. It was a chance encounter. I'm truly devastated Charley was fatally injured, it was never my intention," he said.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A massive inquiry to understand the UK's response to, and the impact of, the Covid-19 pandemic, throws its doors open later. Following a statement from chairwoman Baroness Heather Hallett, a film featuring bereaved families will be played. Not one of us was left untouched by the effects of the pandemic, and we all have questions. I asked a range of people who were in the eye of the Covid storm what one question each of them most wants answered.

Lobby Akinnola had been due to return to his family home in Royal Leamington Spa, Warkwickshire, to celebrate his 29th birthday when lockdown began in March 2020.

Instead, he stayed at home, in London, apart from his parents and four siblings. A month later, his father, Femi, was dead.

"It changed my life forever," Lobby says. "He was isolating in the living room of our home and that's where he died. He was 60 and fit and healthy. We never expected him to die."

Lobby Akinnola wants to ensure the death of his father, Femi, and others were not in vain

Femi is one of nearly 250,000 people killed by Covid in the UK - and Lobby, part of the Covid Bereaved Families for Justice campaign group, wants to ensure these deaths were "not in vain".

For him, the key question is: How can we better protect people when there is another pandemic?

A crucial part of that will be looking at why people belonging to ethnic minorities were at such greater risk. There is no "physiological reason" why they had worse outcomes, Lobby says. Instead, he believes it is linked to society - the jobs and housing conditions people belonging to ethnic minorities experience.

But the people who died from Covid - and those still struggling with complications known as long Covid - are not the only victims of the virus. As restrictions were imposed on the UK, at the start of the pandemic, the government's chief medical adviser, Prof Sir Chris Whitty, warned about the indirect costs. They have been huge.

Children were unable to attend school, businesses were closed, non-Covid treatment delayed and mixing banned, stopping everything from socialising to seeing dying loved ones in their final days.

The legacy of that remains, in terms of rising rates of mental-health problems, lost learning and the economic hit. It's also there in the continued high rates of non-Covid deaths and ill health as the impact of missed treatment for conditions such as cancer and heart disease materialises.

So a crucial element of the inquiry must be to look at why the government imposed restrictions - and whether they were always necessary.

One senior public health official, who played a key role in the pandemic and is due to give evidence, says it is hard to see how the first lockdown could have been avoided once the virus was here. Put simply: "We did not know what we were dealing with." But after the first wave was over and scientists understood more, the government should not have been so quick to reimpose restrictions.

In one 80-day period during autumn 2020, England went from few restrictions, to the "rule of six" limit to gatherings, tiered levels of restrictions by region, a national lockdown and back to tiers.

"We had so many rules and regulations people could not keep up," the official, who asked not to be named because of rules on what they can say in public ahead of the inquiry, says. "It was very top down and heavy handed. It goes against all the evidence of what works during disasters."

So they want to know: How did the UK get to have such complex and confusing rules?

"One of the things Sweden did was rely on the strong social consciousness of their population," the official says. "In the UK, we did not place enough trust in the public - it was damaging.

"We could have given them good information and guidance and let them act. The public showed throughout they were, on the whole, cautious and responsible." And closing schools to all but the most vulnerable children and those of key workers was the "biggest system failure" of the pandemic.

UK children spent six months remote learning, with hairdressers and pubs opening before schools in the first lockdown - a decision repeated for hairdressers in Scotland after the second UK-wide lockdown, in early 2021.

England's children's commissioner, Dame Rachel de Souza, is extremely worried about the impact this has had on children - even now, school attendance is below its pre-pandemic level.

So her big ask is: How are we going to support children to recover and avoid such harm in future pandemics?

"Where they need additional support, be that because they are worried about their mental health or because they have fallen behind at school, they want it quickly," Dame Rachel says.

Dame Rachel de Souza says children must be prioritised

"Children sacrificed so much to keep adults safe, we need to make sure we give something back - prioritising their wellbeing."

For Association of Directors of Public Health president Prof Jim McManus, it comes down one basic question: How do we avoid lockdowns in future pandemics?

"We will only do that if we are better prepared, act at the earliest stage and have good testing and contact tracing in place," he says.

"The UK and much of Europe and North America was largely underprepared for a pandemic of this magnitude - and that cost us."

The UK decided to stop community testing in late March. And in England, it took until May to launch a national large-scale contact-tracing system and September for the government to start giving sick pay to people being asked to isolate

The way care homes were supported is another topic that needs addressing.

About 40% of Covid deaths in the first few months were in care homes, as the lack of testing and personal protective equipment (PPE), heavy use of agency staff and decision to transfer, en masse, hospital patients to care homes let the virus rip through the sector.

And NHS workers want the role of austerity during the 2010s examined.

Adult nurse Stuart Tuckwood had never worked in intensive care but was deployed there to look after the sickest Covid patients during the first and second waves, working through breaks to start with because he was worried about using up the limited PPE.

"The fact I had to work in intensive care because we didn't have enough trained nurses says it all really," he says. "But it wasn't a surprise - staffing shortages were terrible in the lead up to the pandemic."

And the NHS - and other public services - cannot wait until the end of the inquiry to rectify the problems.

The first time nurse Stuart Tuckwood worked in intensive care was during the pandemic

"We need action now," Stuart says, "staff are having to strike to get the pay they need."

So his key question is: What should be done to tackle staffing shortages, so we don't face the situation again?

The wait for the inquiry is something others are worried about.

One epidemiologist who advised government during the pandemic and will also be giving evidence to the public inquiry so does not want to be named fears another pandemic could hit before the necessary changes have been made.

Some say the inquiry could well last five years.

The inquiry team says recommendations will begin next year, as it is being broken down into six different modules.

However, the epidemiologist says: "The modular approach makes sense - but some elements are going to get dragged out too long. We can't wait - pandemics happen every 10 years."

They are particularly concerned with how decision-making became skewed.

"There was no cost-benefit done on the use of restrictions which we would with other policy decisions," the epidemiologist says.

So they want to know: How should the system be changed "so we can work out the trade-offs" of the decisions we make?

"The phrase 'follow the science' became really unhelpful," the epidemiologist says. "There was no acknowledgement of the uncertainty.

"Instead, we got trapped into looking at it through a narrow lens of Covid. Even now, I am worried the inquiry has not quite got the focus right.

"If it just looks at Covid deaths in 2020 and 2021 and not what has been happening with other deaths since, the inquiry will come to the wrong conclusions. This is about more than just the virus."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "Patients paying the price" for strikes, NHS chief executive Amanda Pritchard says

The head of NHS England has warned that July's planned strikes in the health service could be the worst yet for patients.

Amanda Pritchard said industrial action across the NHS had already caused "significant" disruption - and that patients were paying the price.

This month's consultant strike will bring a "different level of challenge" than previous strikes, she said.

Junior doctors and consultants will strike for a combined seven days.

Ms Pritchard told the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme that the work of consultants - who are striking for the first time in a decade - cannot be covered "in the same way" as junior doctors.

"The hard truth is that it is patients that are paying the price for the fact that all sides have not yet managed to reach a resolution," she said.

Last month, junior doctors in England voted for five days of strikes in mid-July - their longest strike yet.

They will walk out between Thursday 13 July and Tuesday 18 July after rejecting a government pay offer.

A few days after that strike ends, on 20 and 21 July, hospital consultants in England will strike over pay.

Negotiators for consultants and junior doctors have been asking for a 35% pay increase to make up for what they say are 15 years of below-inflation rises - a figure Health Secretary Steve Barclay called unaffordable.

Instead, junior doctors have been offered a 5% rise this year, which was rejected, while there has been no offer so far for consultants.

Consultants are also calling for reforms to the doctors' pay review body to ensure the issue is "fixed for the future". Mr Barclay told Laura Kuenssberg he is "ready to have discussions" on other issues, such as how consultants' pay progresses over time.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay said he was prepared to negotiate with consultants

"There's things we're open to discussing, but we need to get the balance right," he said.

The health service has been plagued by strike action throughout this year, with doctors, nurses, ambulance workers, porters and others walking out in disputes, mainly over pay.

A breakthrough came in May, when unions representing all NHS staff except doctors and dentists backed a deal to receive a 5% pay rise.

However, junior doctors and hospital consultants have still not reached an agreement with the government.

Health is a devolved issue, meaning this only relates to the NHS in England.

Ms Pritchard acknowledged that it would be several years before the situation in the health sector returned to anything like good enough, and stressed that the service was doing all it could to bring waiting lists down.

NHS England says more than 600,000 appointments have been cancelled in previous strikes. The ongoing failure of the government and some of the medical unions to find agreement is only going to crank the pressure up still further.

Ms Pritchard called for the industrial action to be brought to an end as soon as possible, saying it cannot become "business as usual in the NHS".

She also discussed NHS England's new 15-year workforce plan, which she introduced alongside Prime Minister Rishi Sunak earlier this week.

The NHS currently has one out of every 10 posts unfilled, creating major pressure on staff and leading to long waiting times for patients.

The new plan is focused on training and retaining more staff. Ms Pritchard said the plan is not an "overnight" fix , but that it is part of efforts to "treat people as quickly as possible, without delay".

Also on the show was former Conservative health minister Lord Bethell who described the current approach to treatment in the NHS as "rationing".

"If someone has a need for an operation and you simply don't have the resources to give them what they need then you are going beyond the important protocols of allocating scarce resources in the best way possible and you are being defined by the amount of resources that you have available," he said.

"I think that there is a difference between reasonable allocation of resources and making tough decision which is part of every day life, and having to cope with a system as overwhelmed with illness."

Tewkesbury Academy was locked down following the attack on Monday morning but reopened on Tuesday

A teenage boy has been charged after a teacher was stabbed in a corridor at a school.

The 15-year-old was charged with attempted wounding with intent and possession of bladed article following the attack at Tewkesbury Academy.

Maths teacher Jamie Sansom was wounded just after 09:00 BST on Monday.

The boy, who cannot be named due to his age, remains in police custody and will appear at Cheltenham Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.

He was arrested in Stoke Orchard, some three miles (4.8km) from the school, about two hours after the stabbing.

In a statement on Tuesday, Mr Sansom, who has taught at Tewkesbury Academy since 2017, said he had not been breaking up a fight between students when he was wounded.

He said he was "recovering well" from his injuries and hoped to be back in the classroom before the summer break if doctors gave him the "all-clear".

Police said he suffered a single stab wound and was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital and was discharged later the same day.

Jamie Sansom said he had received more than 100 messages of support, which he described as "a big boost"

The academy was locked down and two neighbouring schools were also asked to shut their doors as a precaution following the incident, Gloucestershire Police said on Monday.

It added there would be a police presence at the school over the coming days to provide reassurance to pupils.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Women's Football

England captain Leah Williamson says her World Cup "dream is over" after her club Arsenal confirmed she has suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury.

Williamson went down in the first half of Arsenal's 1-0 Women's Super League loss to Manchester United on Wednesday.

"The noise around the situation is loud and I need some quiet time to let it all sink in," the defender, 26, said.

Arsenal face Wolfsburg in their Champions League semi-final first leg on Sunday (14:30 BST).

Williamson added: "Unfortunately the World Cup and Champions League dream is over for me and everyone will think that is the main focus, but it's the day to day of what I am about to go through that is the most draining of my thoughts.

"I had my tears and made my peace with it the night it happened and since then I have been following the steps I'm told to, in order to best help myself in the sport and long term."
• None Why are so many women footballers suffering ACL injuries?

It can typically take up to a year for players to recover from ACL injures.

Arsenal said she would have surgery "in due course".

Williamson, who captained England to their European Championship victory in 2022, is the latest injury setback for Sarina Wiegman's Lionesses.

England are already expecting to travel to the tournament in Australia and New Zealand without Beth Mead, who finished top scorer last summer, because of an ACL injury.

There are doubts over Chelsea forward Fran Kirby's availability, having been out of action since February.

And Chelsea defender Millie Bright has been ruled out for several more weeks following the knee injury she sustained in March.

Siobhan Chamberlain, who was part of the England squad that finished third at the 2015 World Cup, said the injury was "horrific timing".

"She is a key part of the team. It is devastating news for her, Arsenal, England and anyone who has big hopes for England," former goalkeeper Chamberlain told BBC Radio 5 Live.

"Sarina Wiegman is going to have to make a lot of changes to the squad and set-up because Leah covers more than one position and obviously as captain, it is a huge blow."

The injury may provide an opportunity for former captain and Manchester City centre-back Steph Houghton to return to the fold.

Houghton is yet to play under Wiegman because of injuries and then selection choices.

Speaking earlier in April, Wiegman said Houghton's chances of making the squad were "not that high" but she would "never close the door".

"She just has to go about her business and play for Manchester City," said Chamberlain.

"The biggest thing for her is her experience because they've lost Jill Scott and Ellen White from the Euros, now they've lost their captain and there are question marks over Fran Kirby and Millie Bright.

"There is a significant lack of tournament experience now in the squad. Even if she doesn't necessarily bring Steph in as a starting centre-back, she is a good experienced player to have in the squad and someone who understands tournament football."

Williamson was injured after just 15 minutes of Wednesday's WSL match at Leigh Sports Village after falling awkwardly while chasing possession and immediately signalling that she needed to be replaced.

A stretcher was initially brought on to the pitch, but a limping Williamson was able to walk off with support from a member of Arsenal's medical staff.

Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall said afterwards: "You see the pitch, it is a pitch that has a lot more to [be desired]. I think it's going to continue here with the schedule we have and pitches like that, players are going to get injured."

He added that facilities need to improve to "keep players on the pitch".

On Friday a WSL spokesperson said pitches at WSL stadiums are monitored throughout the season with "steps taken" to support clubs where necessary.

Arsenal have already been impacted by serious injuries to key players this season including captain Kim Little, Ballon d'Or runner-up Mead and last season's top scorer Vivianne Miedema.

'With you every step of the way' - support for Williamson

Chelsea manager Emma Hayes said Williamson will be a "devastating loss" for the Lionesses and Arsenal.

"[She is] someone who has had a profound impact on club and country [so it's] disappointing to see such a huge injury again," said Hayes.

"I've said this many times - I think we need to stay away from lazy comments about the causes of these injuries. It's multi-faceted."

On social media the England national team responded on Instagram: "You'll come back stronger than ever."

Team-mate Mead said on Twitter : "We are with you every step of the way, even if I have to be quiet some days in rehab.

"We got you girl, all the love and strength in the world."

Meanwhile Fifpro, a global union for professional footballers, said on Twitter: "As news of Leah Williamson's World-Cup-ending ACL injury breaks, the words of her England team-mate Beth Mead have never rung truer.

It is the worst possible news for Sarina Wiegman with three months to go until the World Cup.

Williamson's importance to England cannot be understated. She is the captain, part of a formidable centre-back partnership with Millie Bright and a calming influence on her team-mates.

She started and captained every game as England won Euro 2022 last summer and played in 22 of the Lionesses' incredible 30-match unbeaten run.

With Arsenal team-mate Beth Mead already ruled out with an ACL injury, England are now almost certainly without last summer's top scorer and their captain, while Chelsea's Fran Kirby and Bright are currently on the injury list, adding to concerns.
• None A warm-hearted Aussie rom-com about a flawed, funny couple getting it all utterly wrong
• None Explore the other side of the games you love: A collection of documentaries about The Dark Side of Sport

A UN official says the Israeli attack which killed seven staff of the charity World Central Kitchen (WCK) is either a "dreadful failure of deconfliction" or evidence that the system that exists now is not fit for purpose.

The official, who has extensive experience in Gaza and asked not to be identified, said that the greatest fear of aid workers is that the Civilian Liaison Administration, the branch of the Israeli military tasked with co-ordinating with humanitarian organisations, "doesn't really have a grip".

What's known as "deconfliction" is a system that allows aid organisations to work in some of the world's hottest conflicts, including Yemen, Ukraine, Syria and Gaza.

It generally takes two forms. One is "notification" - making sure that the relevant military powers know where humanitarian organisations are located (including providing GPS co-ordinates of all facilities) and where vehicles are expected to be moving at any given time on any given day.

"Co-ordination" is a more detailed level, involving real-time communication with the CLA while humanitarian teams are actually on the move.

It's designed to make sure that all military personnel along the route know exactly where vehicles are.

"The whole apparatus, whether it's a drone operator, a radar operator, a guy in a tank, a guy at a checkpoint, a sniper on the roof, they're all aware that in the next 20 minutes, five white cars are going to come down the road. So no-one is surprised," Giorgios Petropoulos, head of the Gaza sub-office of the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) told me.

A trip from Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip to Shifa Hospital in Gaza City, he said, could involve as many as eight conversations to make sure the journey goes smoothly.

Jan Egeland, head of the Norwegian Refugee Council, told the BBC the relationship between aid groups and the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) needed to be reset.

"If they shoot at anything moving as it seems here, with a deconflicted and notified convoy, there has to be a complete reboot in the relationship between the Israeli war machine and all of us aid groups," he said.

Israel has acknowledged it killed the WCK staff. "We will do everything so that this thing does not happen again," Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said.

Aid workers in Gaza agree that the area is one of the most challenging places in the world for humanitarian workers to operate.

"Gaza is a shitty place to work," one told me. The aid worker said the existing deconfliction system was not working properly.

"The notification system essentially doesn't work," they added. "It's not a disciplined system from the Israeli side."

The aid worker said there had been "some pretty dramatic failures", including an incident on 5 February in which Israeli naval fire hit an UNRWA convoy (carrying food from World Central Kitchen) as it headed up the coast road towards the north. The incident forced the UN to suspend aid convoys to the north.

The IDF said at the time that it was looking into the incident, in which no-one was hurt.

However, Monday's deadly incident is a disaster: for WCK, the people of Gaza, and Israel's image.

As Israel moves to ban UNRWA - the main UN organisation responsible for the welfare of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip - it has come to rely heavily on other humanitarian organisations.

Mr Netanyahu's government has accused UNWRA of employing more than 2,000 members of Hamas, the Palestinian armed group which attacked Israel on 7 October last year.

WCK, which has been on the ground for months and which had just brought in a second 400-tonne shipment of aid by sea from Cyprus, had been playing an increasingly prominent and important role in preventing Gaza from sliding into famine.

Israel has trumpeted the role of WCK and other aid organisations as proof UNRWA is no longer needed.

At a recent briefing, Israeli diplomats said WCK had "come out of nowhere and has become around 13% of the food story inside Gaza".

Israel also says it is doing everything in its power to facilitate the distribution of aid throughout the Gaza Strip.

But WCK has now suspended its operations in Gaza. Meanwhile, Mr Egeland said that movement between Gaza's south - where most aid enters, via two crossings from Israel and Egypt - and its north "will again be completely paralysed. And that is extremely serious, because it's in the north that famine is already taking a grip."

He added that the WCK suspending operations "means more famine, more dead children, more epidemic disease because people are so malnourished".

Mr Egeland urged Israel to open more crossing points into Gaza.

"Let me remind all that there are two border crossings minutes away from the north, they are called Karni crossing and Erez crossing, and Israel has refused to open them for aid convoys," he said.

"Israel can open the borders for organised relief and safety. They are not willing to do that."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

With temperatures soaring to more than 40C at this time of the year, I normally sleep outside in my garden, but I am too scared to do that now, as fighter jets roar over my home in Sudan's Omdurman city - despite the latest ceasefire.

I live with my mother and siblings in the centre of Omdurman, just over the River Nile from the capital, Khartoum.

The fighter jets are a constant reminder that Sudan is now in a state of war. I cannot get used to their terrifying sound.

The fighting between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) is all around us - to our north, south, east and west.

It came close to our home on Monday afternoon, when a bullet ripped through the roof of my neighbour's house, hitting her leg while she was asleep. Fortunately, she was not seriously wounded.

We heard loud noises - boom, boom, boom - a short while earlier. We think it was anti-artillery fire, but are not sure. We hid in our homes, as it is too dangerous to even look out of our windows.

From morning to evening, ceasefire or no ceasefire, fighter jets fly past our neighbourhood, coming from the same military airport from where foreign nationals have been evacuated, and heading towards Khartoum to strike at positions of the RSF.

From all the reports I have received, most of Khartoum is controlled by RSF fighters, with hardly any army soldiers - or police officers - on the streets.

The RSF fires anti-aircraft artillery to try and bring down the fighter jets, but I am not aware of any aircraft that has been shot down.

Three days ago, some of the projectiles landed in an open field in my neighbourhood. Luckily, they missed a nearby mosque and homes.

The RSF has its origins in the war that broke out in Darfur two decades ago, and is made up of the Janjaweed militiamen who helped the government crush a rebellion there.

It had around 20,000 men before the fall of long-time ruler Omar al-Bashir in 2019, but has since turned into a force with an estimated 80,000 to 100,000 fighters.

It built a strong presence in cities and towns across Sudan, but many of its fighters have now been deployed to Khartoum as RSF commander Gen Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, better known as Hemedti, fights army commander Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan for power.

The city is dotted with checkpoints, manned by RSF fighters in pick-up trucks.

Hamid Khalafallah, from the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy, told the BBC's Newsday programme that people risk their lives every time they have to negotiate their way past.

"It's basically a gamble. Sometimes they let you through, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they shoot at you, sometimes they steal your things and it's very random," he said.

Tens of thousands of people have fled Sudan following the outbreak of conflict more than two weeks ago

The fighting has been most intense around the international airport, presidential palace, and the military headquarters.

All my friends who lived in these areas have fled - some of them making a long and arduous road journey to Egypt, not lucky enough to be evacuated, like foreign nationals, in specially chartered planes.

I have decided to stay, as my neighbourhood is one of the safest, but I do not know for how long.

A relative of mine, in her early 30s, has died of dengue fever. She was supposed to have got married this month, but died because she could not get treatment as hospitals were either shut or treating only those with gunshot wounds.

The Omdurman Teaching Hospital is one of the biggest in Sudan, but it is operating at minimal capacity.

Many doctors are unable to get to the hospital, as it is too dangerous for them to travel.

Along with the breakdown in health services, there is a water and electricity crisis.

Some residents have not had water in their homes since fighting broke out on 15 April, forcing them to rely on the wells of neighbours for their supply.

We are all hoping that the war ends soon, but our biggest fear is that former Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok could be proven right, with Sudan descending into a civil war worse than those in Syria and Libya.

Last updated on .From the section Athletics

Kenya's Kelvin Kiptum smashed compatriot Eliud Kipchoge's course record to win the men's London Marathon in the second-fastest time ever.

The 23-year-old was just 16 seconds outside Kipchoge's world record, finishing in two hours one minute 25 seconds.

Sifan Hassan also produced a remarkable run to win the women's race.

The Dutch Olympic track champion, 30, suffered with a hip injury but battled to win on her debut at the distance.

Kiptum knocked one minute and 12 seconds off Kipchoge's previous course record to beat second-placed compatriot Geoffrey Kamworor by almost three minutes.

Britain's Mo Farah was ninth in his final London Marathon, with the 40-year-old four-time Olympic champion revealing after the race that he would finish his career at the Great North Run in September.

Hassan, who won the 5,000m and 10,000m at the Tokyo Olympics in 2021, appeared out of the women's race after dropping back early on with a hip problem, but somehow fought back.

She then produced a sprint finish to win in two hours 18 minutes 33 seconds.
• None Great North Run will be my goodbye - Farah

Switzerland's Marcel Hug knocked 50 seconds off his own course record to win a third consecutive London Marathon men's wheelchair race - and fifth in total.

Australia's Madison de Rozario held off Manuela Schar, of Switzerland, in a sprint finish to win the women's wheelchair event for a second time.

More than 48,000 runners are taking part in the marathon, raising millions of pounds for charity, with huge crowds lining the streets of London despite damp conditions.

The event has returned to its traditional date in the calendar, in April, for the first time since 2019 after being moved during the Covid-19 pandemic.

'London has been my dream'

Hassan's rollercoaster of a race looked all but over after she fell off the leading group with just an hour gone.

"I had a problem with my hip, which made me stop. But it started to feel a little bit better," she told BBC Sport.

"And then I missed one of the drinks stations. I didn't practise that part of the race because I have been fasting [during Ramadan] and so that was quite difficult. But I needed it.

"At 20km I knew that I could kick on because I didn't feel that tired and I didn't care how I finished, I just wanted to get there."

After battling through the pain, Hassan's track speed proved telling down the Mall, as she beat Ethiopia's Alemu Megertu into second place, while Kenya's previously unbeaten Olympic champion Peres Jepchirchir was third.

"London has been my dream," added Hassan. "And now here I am, I was doubting that I could even finish. This is just amazing. I will never forget this in my whole life."

The women's field was billed as the greatest ever assembled, but Kenyan world record holder Brigid Kosgei dropped out after just three minutes, while Ethiopia's defending champion Yalemzerf Yehualaw was fifth.

Sam Harrison, 27, was the first British woman home, clocking a new personal best of 2:25:59 as she finished 11th.

It was the fifth-fastest time by a British woman in the event.

'Part of me was wanting to cry'

It was perhaps made more poignant that Farah should reveal a date for the end of his career on a day when Kiptum announced his arrival as marathon's newest world star.

Farah had already made clear that this would be his last time running the London race and he said he was close to tears on his way round.

"London has been so great to me over the years and I wanted to be here to say thank you to the crowd and the support that was just amazing," he said.

"Part of me was wanting to cry. The people were amazing, even in the rain to line the streets and that's what this is all about. It's what has kept me going for so long throughout my career."

Kiptum produced the fastest marathon debut in Valencia in December, where he finished in 2:01:53 - the third-fastest time in history.

He went faster still on the streets of London, leaving a high-class field in his wake, with Ethiopia's reigning world champion Tamirat Tola in third, three minutes and 34 seconds behind.

Emile Cairess, 25, produced a superb run to finish as the first British man home, taking sixth in 2:08:07 on his marathon debut.

It was the third-fastest marathon time by a British man - behind Farah and Steve Jones - and the second fastest by a Briton in the London race.

Four British runners finished in the top 10, with Phil Sesemann eighth and Chris Thompson 10th.
• None Go from the couch to 5k in nine weeks

Switzerland's Hug, 37, dominated the men's wheelchair race to finish in one hour 23 minutes 48 seconds, well ahead of the Netherlands' Jetze Plat in second, with Japan's Tomoki Suzuki third.

Britain's David Weir, 43, finished his 24th London Marathon in fifth place.

The women's race was much closer, with the four favourites making it on the Mall together before De Rozario and Schar pulled away.

De Rozario won in one hour 38 minutes 52 seconds, with defending champion Catherine Debrunner, of Switzerland, in third and the United States' Susannah Scaroni fourth.

Eden Rainbow-Cooper, 21, who was third in 2022, was the first Briton home in seventh.
• None Follow the Highland Cops as they fight crime

Dr Nerys Conway says patients are becoming much more complex

Of the 70,000 people turning up to A&E each month in Wales, fewer than a quarter will be admitted.

But with so few beds available, the push is to reduce that further.

At the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant, Rhondda Cynon Taf - as with others across Wales - it means a focus on same-day care and redirecting patients out of A&E.

Physiotherapists are on hand for trips, falls or musculoskeletal injuries often linked to sport or nights out.

For those with medical problems - hearts, lungs, or the nervous system - a referral is made to the same-day emergency care unit.

"Acute medicine is a fairly new specialty," said unit head Dr Nerys Conway.

"Where we're different to the emergency department is we don't see trauma, surgery or minor injuries.

"We are seeing patients coming through the door - they are frailer, older, they've got more complex medical issues like diabetes and heart disease, particularly in this area.

The Royal Glamorgan Hospital serves a large area of the south Wales valleys

"Patients are becoming much more complex, so acute medicine just allows us to deal with all of these issues."

But instead of admitting them, patients can have the relevant tests or scans done that day, before being sent home.

"I could bring them back the next day or the following week or even a couple of weeks later and just review them again. But I manage to do that by avoiding admission while still seeing them safely."

The most recent figures showed emergency departments in Wales experienced the busiest month for two years with 70,310 patients.

The Royal Glamorgan department was no different, with more than 5,200 patients coming through the front doors in May.

Donna Seldon says the Royal Glamorgan saw 200 patients in its A&E in a day

Contrast that with a weekly snapshot for the end of June showing the number of acute beds available at the hospital was one of the lowest on record, as 97.7% were occupied.

The acute unit on average might see 20 to 30 patients a day, busiest during afternoons and evenings, and while it is relieving some of the pressures on A&E, it is not a magic bullet.

"Yesterday was an extremely busy day," said Donna Seldon, senior nurse in the Royal Glamorgan's emergency department.

"Overall we saw around 200 patients in a 24-hour period - at one point there were 72 patients in the department.

"Each one of the 16 majors trolleys was full, and the crowding was very heavy in the waiting room."

And that's with a full complement of staff, she said.

"Every year we're seeing increasing numbers of attendances in the emergency department - what we're not seeing is an increase in the workforce."

Dr Farrow says finding trollies to manage patients is a daily challenge

"For us in the emergency department, winter pressure is a daily pressure," said Amanda Farrow, clinical lead for the department.

She said the growth of same-day care had meant improved flow through the department, with fewer patients waiting for beds, meaning ambulances have not been left waiting as long outside.

May's official figures for the "hours lost" by paramedics waiting to hand patients over to hospital staff back that up, falling from 2,867 hours to 964.

However, said Dr Farrow: "It's still a daily challenge of finding an available trolley to manage patients. And the waiting rooms can get incredibly full".

Patient Martin Walton says he prefers the same-day approach

The medical day unit also plays a big part in preventing admission of the very sickest patients, by helping them manage their symptoms and home.

Martin Walters, 70, from Ynyshir in Rhondda Cynon Taf, said: "They know I'm anaemic and am losing blood, so they're testing me to see if I need a blood transfusion.

"When I come here it's just a day turnaround - you come in and then you go home and I prefer that.

"If there's no problem, why take a bed? Leave it for somebody that's worse off than me."

Hepatologist Dr Dai Samuel sees a large number of his patients on the unit too, typically those in liver failure.

Dr Dai Samuel says it's difficult to get out of hospital once you are admitted

"We can keep some out of hospital. Once you're in hospital, it's actually very difficult to get out," he said.

As clinical director of pathology, he said the shortages in that specialty across the country also affected how quickly tests could be analysed.

"When you come in for a biopsy, you need the pathologists to report it. You then need to work out what's going on. You might need the haematologist or the radiologist to report those scans.

"Without those, the front door literally breaks down overnight and that's the difficulty here - the whole system's under pressure."

Many of the clinical leaders spoke of using staff differently - moving away from the traditional nurse and doctor model, to include more physiotherapists, advanced nurse practitioners and physicians associates.

That in turn "blurs some of the professional boundaries" by giving staff more responsibility, freeing colleagues.

"It's a very difficult time for the NHS and morale is low, but I came back to the Glam because I loved the morale here and the team effort and certainly I'm very lucky to work within a team that is beaten up," said Dr Samuel.

"But they're still one. And I think a lot of hospitals don't have that. And that's what I fear."

Amine Kessaci was 17 when his brother was killed in one of Marseille's most notorious neighbourhoods

Amine was 17 when his brother's badly burned body was recovered from the boot of a torched car.

"My brother unfortunately fell into drugs early," he says, his face impassive as he glances up at the scruffy high-rise flats that surround us.

We sit, talking about his brother, who had trafficked drugs before his murder, in one of Marseille's most notorious neighbourhoods.

Amine, now 19, grew up here on the Frais-Vallon estate, a vast and deprived social housing project in the north of the city, which is blighted by gang and drug-related violence.

Not far away, a couple of young men lounge on a wall. Drug dealers work openly here in the harsh afternoon sunlight.

Trafficking is, Amine says, a seductive choice for the children who grow up here and have little money - and even fewer prospects.

"There are no other options. There are no companies coming here and saying we'll pay you more than minimum wage… here people are supermarket cashiers or cleaners or security guards. We can't be judges, lawyers or accountants."

A residential block on the Frais-Vallon estate in Marseille

He wasn't surprised by the recent riots, which were particularly bad in Marseille. Businesses here including a gun shop were vandalised and looted and a man aged 27 was killed.

Prosecutors say the man who died was hit in the chest by a type of police rubber bullet called a "flashball". He is thought to have suffered a heart attack but the circumstances are unclear.

The riots followed protests over the fatal shooting by police of 17-year-old Nahel M in Paris.

"We are always in the same mess, the same misery and nothing will change," says Amine, "so I understand the anger of the young people. I don't justify the violence, but I understand it."

The riots and their aftermath have revealed the depth of anger, frustration and abandonment felt by so many French citizens.

We met Mado, a middle-aged woman who lives on the estate, near what used to be a community police station here.

This was, for many, a physical link between them and the French state; its demise grimly symbolic of an increasing disconnection.

"It's like living in a bin here," says Mado. "It's not safe. People defecate in the lifts and stairwells. For the politicians we are nothing. We are really nothing."

It's like living in a bin here. It's not safe

A man, Mourad, speaks angrily as he tells us that there are rats everywhere here.

"We don't all have the same rights. Politicians go on the media and say there are no second-class citizens, but it's not true in reality."

But few, perhaps, comprehend more clearly the profound divisions in French society - or their consequences - than Amine.

He now works to steer youngsters on the estate away from crime, but also supports the families of those who have paid with their lives.

Last year there were 31 drug trafficking-related murders in Marseille. This year there have been 23. Two-thirds of the victims were under the age of 30.

The French authorities have acknowledged both the tragedy and the problem.

French President Emmanuel Macron visited Marseille just prior to the riots

Two years ago, President Emmanuel Macron promised to fix Marseille. He announced a €5bn (£4.3bn; $5.4bn) plan to tackle crime and deprivation in the city.

He came back to the southern port city just before the riots to reinforce his commitment.

"Everything has to move faster," President Macron said at the beginning of a three-day trip, in which he visited the sites of regeneration projects including a police station, a school, a prison and a hospital.

But Amine, who has met him twice, has lost faith.

"When Macron comes, he comes to make announcements, not to listen to us."

Even the mayor of Marseille, Benoît Payan, acknowledges that he needs to bring his city together.

"For too long my town has been divided between people who are poor and people who are not. Between those who are considered by the public authorities and those who are not."

It is supposed to be a fundamental French value. But here, égalité (equality) is now an ambition.

Sir Keir Starmer has backed controversial attack ads focused on Rishi Sunak's record on crime

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has doubled down on a controversial attack on Rishi Sunak's record on crime, saying "I stand by every word".

A Labour advert claimed Mr Sunak did not think adults convicted of child sex assaults should go to prison.

Writing in the Daily Mail, Sir Keir backed his party's position "no matter how squeamish it might make some feel".

In response, a Tory source accused Sir Keir of failing to prosecute some of the "worst people in Britain".

"[Sir Keir] thinks the rights of criminals trump those of the law-abiding majority," they added.

Shadow attorney general Emily Thornberry was asked on BBC Radio 4's Today programme whether Labour could criticise the fact some adults convicted of child sexual abuse had not gone to prison, as Sir Keir had sat on the Sentencing Council in 2012 when the relevant guidelines were produced.

Ms Thornberry said she "wasn't in the meeting" when the guidelines were set and did not know if Sir Keir had objected at the time, but insisted that Labour's default position was that anyone convicted of such crimes should go to prison.

"I don't know the details of what the exact guidance is in relation to the Sentencing Council, but it is open to Parliament to set minimum and maximum sentences," she said.

Sentencing guidelines for courts in England and Wales allow for community sentences as an alternative to prison in cases of sexual activity with a child over 13. The guidelines say community orders "can fulfil all of the purposes of sentencing".

Ms Thornberry also defended the advert, saying the government needed to address issues within the criminal justice system such as the backlog in courts hampering convictions and prison overcrowding.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Labour's Emily Thornberry says "of course" she backs the controversial advert

The advert has attracted cross-party criticism, and comes amid reports Labour will publish further attack adverts this week on other issues as part of the build-up to local elections in England, which will take place on 4 May.

The Times says the attack ads will blame the prime minister "personally" for "crashing the economy and for soaring mortgage and council tax rates".

On Monday Labour published another attack advert on Twitter, criticising Mr Sunak for raising taxes on working people when his family benefitted from "a tax loophole".

The ad makes reference to Labour's pledge to scrap non-dom tax status, which allows people to avoid paying UK tax on earnings from outside the country.

Last year it emerged that Mr Sunak's wife had non-dom status, although she later said should would start paying UK tax on her overseas income.

Other adverts already published as part of the series have focused on theft and gun crime, also featuring the image and signature of Mr Sunak.

In his Daily Mail piece, Sir Keir blames the government for a number of failures on crime, highlighting low prosecution rates for rape and burglary.

Highlighting his former role as the director of public prosecutions in England and Wales between 2008 to 2013 - the person who leads the Crown Prosecution Service and one of the country's leading legal officials - Sir Keir writes his life's work has "been about making our country safer and more secure".

He said he would make "zero apologies" for "being blunt and that when 4,500 abusers aren't sent to prison, people want answers rather than excuses from politicians".

Labour told the BBC that the statistic featured in the original advert - "4,500 adults convicted or sexually assaulting children under 16 who served no prison time" - came from Ministry of Justice statistics for England and Wales from 2010 to 2022.

Those figures are accurate for adults who were convicted but received a community sentence or a suspended sentence, rather than being sent to prison.

The figure covers both sexual assault of a child and sexual activity with a child - Labour's advert says the figure relates to sexual assault only, although its press release mentions both categories.

Labour sources said the party will now be turning its attention this week to the cost of living - though Mr Sunak himself will remain in their firing line.

The advert about jailing those who sexually assault children has drawn criticism by politicians from all major parties - and caused an internal row within Labour.

It was reported at the weekend by the Observer that shadow home secretary, Yvette Cooper, was not told about it ahead of its release.

Lord Blunkett, who served as home secretary under Tony Blair, said it was "deeply offensive to get down in the gutter to fight politics in this way" and called for the advert to be withdrawn.

Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey said it was "wrong" to attack individuals personally, "particularly when it's over subjects which are so sensitive and so important to the British people".

Judges and magistrates, rather than the prime minister of the day, are responsible for handing out sentences.

The figures Labour highlighted cover the period since 2010, five years before Mr Sunak entered Parliament. He did not become prime minister until October last year.

Sir Keir was director of public prosecutions from 2008 to 2013, meaning the figures also cover three of the years he was in the post.

The River Etherow runs close to Hodge Lane, where the rescue operation was launched

A teenager has died after getting into difficulty in water in Greater Manchester.

Police say the 15-year-old girl died despite the best efforts of medical teams after they were called to the village of Broadbottom in Tameside.

A large rescue operation was launched near Hodge Lane, a small road which runs close to the River Etherow.

Detective Superintendent Rebecca Boyce said the death was "nothing short of devastating".

Police were called to the scene at around 19:50 BST on Wednesday night, and were assisted by ambulance crews and the fire and rescue service.

A statement from Greater Manchester Police said enquiries are ongoing but investigators were "confident there aren't any suspicious circumstances".

Det Supt Rebecca Boyce said: "Yesterday evening's events are nothing short of devastating and my deepest sympathies are with the loved ones of the girl who lost her life in such awful circumstances.

"Officers will continue to support the family during this incredibly difficult time."

It comes amid warnings from the RNLI and other safety groups about the dangers of open water during the summer months.

Of the 226 accidental drowning deaths in 2022, almost half happened in June, July and August, according to the National Fire Chiefs Council.

The statistics reveal that people are almost twice as likely to lose their lives in inland bodies of water like lakes and rivers than they are at sea.

The RNLI has come under pressure in some areas in recent days during the heatwave which has hit parts of the UK.

Rescue crews were called out to Blackpool nine time in four days during last weekend's hot weather, while seven people had to be rescued off Devon in a single day on 30 May.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ukraine's military has accused Russian forces of blowing up a major dam in the Moscow-seized region of Kherson in the south of the country.

President Zelensky shared a video of the damaged Kakhovka dam on his Telegram page.

Read more on this story.

Durham Police has appointed its first female chief constable.

Jo Farrell, who is currently the force's deputy chief constable, was confirmed in the post by Police and Crime Commissioner Ron Hogg.

In March, Mike Barton announced that he would be stepping down after seven years as chief constable.

Ms Farrell became Durham's deputy in 2016, when she moved from Northumbria Police where she was the force's assistant chief constable.

Lucy Hovvels, chair of the Durham's police and crime panel, said: "We were impressed with Jo's breadth of experience and therefore pleased to endorse her appointment."

Ms Farrell is due to take up her post on Friday.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

A Powerball ticket must match all six numbers drawn to score the jackpot

The winner of a record $2bn (£1.6bn) US Powerball lottery draw is being sued by a man claiming the lucky ticket was stolen from him.

Edwin Castro, who lives in California, chose to take last November's jackpot in one lump sum of $997.6m.

But now Jose Rivera, a fellow Californian, says in a civil complaint that the prize money should be his.

Mr Castro has not commented. The California Lottery earlier said it was confident he was the rightful winner.

In a statement from February, the California Lottery said it always checked prize money claimants and "has the utmost confidence in its process for doing so".

Mr Rivera's lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court in the city of Alhambra.

He alleges that he bought the winning ticket on 7 November 2022 - and that it was stolen later that day by a man who was not Mr Castro.

The complaint does not provide details about how the ticket might have ended up with Mr Castro.

Powerball tickets cost $2 and a winner has two options to claim their winnings. They can choose to receive the full amount in an annuity paid over 29 years - but almost all winners opt for a smaller, upfront cash payment instead.

The game, which began in 1992, is played in 45 of the 50 US states, the capital city of Washington, DC, and in the US territories of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.

The winnings are subject to federal taxes of between 24% and 37%, and, in most cases, state taxes. Only 10 states - including California - do not have state taxes on lottery winnings. In several locations, such as New York City, the winnings are also subject to municipal taxes.

The bowls and plates had been packed into a cardboard box for storage

A set of bowls displayed in a house for decades has made more than £112,000 at auction.

The ceramics, stored in a cardboard box before being offered for sale, turned out to be rare Chinese porcelain.

Four 16th Century Chinese Ming Dynasty wucai dishes were given a £4,000-£6,000 guide price but sold for £63,000.

The seller said his late mother, from Derbyshire, collected bowls and expected them to be worth "around £30", adding the result was "unbelievable".

The retired computer engineer, who wished to remain anonymous, said plates, bowls and dishes had been displayed at his mother's home in Etwall for decades.

Despite some damage, the rare set of Ming Dynasty wucai dishes still attracted fierce bidding

He took them for auction and was soon told they were rare - and would have a guide price of thousands.

The 67-year-old said: "What happened next was unbelievable.

"I watched the auction live online and the prices kept rocketing. I was shouting at the computer.

"My sister was watching live online from Australia and we were texting each other. We just couldn't believe what was happening."

The auction house, Hansons, said the four Ming Dynasty dragon and phoenix dishes each had six character marks of the Wanli Emperor, who reigned from 1573 to 1620, and were decorated with a blue five-clawed dragon, mustard-green phoenix bird, flowers and Buddhist emblems.

Three phone bidders competed for the set, with the winner coming from China.

The hammer price of £63,000, plus a buyer's premium, saw a total of £81,900 paid for the set.

Other treasures from the box were an Imperial porcelain yellow ground medallion bowl, Daoguang (1821-1850), which sold for £14,500, and an Imperial porcelain famille rose pink ground medallion bowl of the same age, which went for £8,800.

Hansons said with the buyer's premium, the three lots made a total of £112,190.

Hansons owner Charles Hanson added: "What made the four dishes which achieved £63,000 particularly special was the fact they'd remained together as a set.

"They may have been used as altar pieces in a Chinese monastery or temple. They probably came to England after the First or Second World War."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Crowds belted out tracks as Sam Fender headlined the main stage on Saturday

The second night of Scotland's biggest festival closed on a high despite heavy rain and the threat of thunderstorms.

Acts including Brooke Combe and Maisie Peters kicked off Saturday's line-up before Kasabian and Sam Fender took to the main stage.

Up to 50,000 people are expected at Glasgow Green for each day of TRNSMT.

Pulp closed the show on Friday - their first performance in Scotland for over 10 years.

Royal Blood and Becky Hill will headline on Sunday, with The 1975 scheduled to close the festival.

ScotRail has put on extra train services to cope with demand, including more late-night trains running to Inverclyde, Ayr, Edinburgh, and East Kilbride.

Thousands headed to the main stage on Saturday for Mimi Webb

Newcastle rocker Sam Fender closed the festival's second night with pyrotechnics, fireworks and confetti as he remarked on the journey he had taken from the festival's beginning.

He said: "We've played every stage in this festival, from a little stage over there to the main stage.

"It's just really surreal."

Sam Fender closed the second night of the festival

Festival organisers had urged fans to "prepare for all weather" on Saturday with the majority of Scotland covered by a yellow Met Office alert for thunderstorms.

Glasgow Green turned to mud following heavy showers, though it did little to dampen spirits.

Conditions are expected to improve on Sunday but more rain has been forecast.

It came after Tiree Music Festival was cancelled on Thursday, just a day before it was due to begin, because of gale force winds.

Fans arrived at Glasgow Green in high spirits on Saturday

Brooke Combe from Midlothian gave it her all as the first act on the main stage

Maisie Peters also performed on the main stage a few weeks after the release of her new album The Good Witch

Elijah Hewson from Irish rockers Inhaler had crowds singing along

Kasabian frontman took to the stage on Saturday

Britpop legends Pulp brought the first night of the festival to a colourful close on Friday, following acts including George Ezra, Niall Horan, the Beautiful South's Paul Heaton and The View.

The band, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, surprised fans at the end of 2022 by announcing a run of shows this summer at festivals and outdoor gigs across the UK.

Cocker told crowds: "We are Pulp, you are Glasgow. We are going to spend some time together this evening.

"This is the furthest north we've ever been."

Pulp, fronted by Jarvis Cocker, were the headline act on Friday

Former One Direction singer Niall Horan entertained the crowd on Friday

Festival-goers enjoyed The View perform on the main stage

You can watch coverage of TRNSMT festival on BBC iplayer.

The Bradford and Nottingham teams found the de Brécy Tondo was highly likely to have been created by Raphael

A mystery work which was recently found to "undoubtedly" be by Renaissance painter Raphael has gone on show in Bradford, the first time it has ever been seen on public display.

Teams from the University of Nottingham and University of Bradford used facial recognition technology to examine the painting, known as the de Brécy Tondo.

They found the faces were identical to those in a Raphael altarpiece.

It will now be on display at Cartwright Hall Art Gallery for two months.

The de Brécy Tondo, which sits in a collection set up by Cheshire businessman George Lester Winward and which was thought by some experts to have been a Victorian copy, has been the subject of research and debate for more than 40 years due to its resemblance to Raphael's Sistine Madonna.

The similarity between the Madonnas in the two paintings was found to be 97%, the teams found

In 1995, two years before he died, Mr Winward set up the de Brécy Trust Collection, named after his French ancestors, to preserve his collection of paintings and drawings and make them available for art scholars to study.

Earlier this year, using new facial recognition technology, it was found that the painting was highly likely to be a Raphael masterpiece.

Prof Hassan Ugail, the director of the centre of visual computing at the University of Bradford, said: "Testing the Tondo using this new AI model has shown startling results, confirming it is most likely by Raphael.

"Together with my previous work using facial recognition, and combined with previous research by my fellow academics, we have concluded the Tondo and the Sistine Madonna are undoubtedly by the same artist," he said.

Councillor Sarah Ferriby, Bradford Council's executive member for healthy people and places, said she was delighted the city was "the first place in the world to have this amazing art work on public display".

"It is fitting that Bradford has been chosen for this honour, especially in the run-up to the district being UK City of Culture in 2025," she added.

"I hope as many people as possible take this opportunity to visit Cartwright Hall to view this and the many other great works of art we have display, including work by Bradford artist David Hockney."

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.
• None Mystery portrait likely to be Raphael masterpiece

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The impact of the 7.4 magnitude earthquake in Taiwan

Chang Hsin had just woken up in the Taiwanese city of Hualien on Wednesday when her entire block started shaking.

"The walls were crumbling. Shortly after, another quake hit, causing the entire house to tilt," the 59-year-old told the BBC.

Ms Chang was in her third floor apartment when the 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit, which killed nine people and left more than 1,000 injured in Taiwan's worst earthquake in 25 years.

Images of Ms Chang's Uranus Building apartment block have been shared across the world. The building is tilted over and rescue workers are attempting to shore up the 10-storey structure, to prevent it from falling over.

After the shaking finished Ms Chang started screaming for help, and then saw a fire engine outside.

"I urged them to hurry. I kept yelling 'quickly, quickly or the next aftershock is coming,'" she recalled.

"The house started to tilt while I was still inside," she said. "My legs were shaking, and I couldn't stand steady. I still can't calm down, especially with the aftershocks last night."

Local reports said one female teacher died in the building when she returned to rescue her cat.

Chang Hsin, right, and Wei Pang-Huan lived inside the Uranus Building

Ms Chang was speaking to the BBC from a shelter for people affected by the earthquake. Sitting next to her was Wei Pang-Huan, 60, who lived on the fifth floor of the Uranus Building.

The block is due to be demolished on Friday, and Ms Wei wasn't sure if she would be able to collect any of her belongings.

"All my belongings are in the building. I wonder if I could go inside to retrieve some important items, but it depends on the rescue team's instructions," she said.

Rescuers in Taiwan are working to reach more than 600 people stranded after the earthquake hit the eastern county of Hualien.

Some stuck in tunnels and near a national park have been rescued by helicopters, but 34 are still missing.

One Singaporean woman, who was was stuck in the mountains for a day and half, said "it's your worst nightmare coming true".

"It's like what they show in the movies. You never think you're going to experience something like that," she told the BBC.

"We felt the earth tremble and we just held on to each other. My husband was hit by some stones and we just hung on to each other for I don't know how long until it passed," she added.

"It was a terrible, terrible experience with aftershocks and tremors and rocks falling every few minutes."

She eventually made it to a hotel, where she received first aid.

The earthquake, which struck 18km (11mi) south of Hualien, was followed by more than 200 aftershocks, dozens of which were at least 6.5 magnitude or more, hindering search and rescue efforts. Taiwanese authorities expect there to be more aftershocks in the next few days.

Lai Su has lived at the bottom of a landmark gorge, just outside Hualien, for 35 years. She said Tuesday's earthquake was like nothing she has ever experienced.

"At the time I was in Hualien driving my car and the car began to move like it was dancing," she told the BBC.

"Usually when there is a quake at night and we are sleeping, we can't be bothered to get out of bed, but this time I would definitely have jumped out of bed and run."

For Ms Chang, her immediate future in Hualien city is looking uncertain. "I can only stay in the shelter now as I don't have a place to stay. I will go to work during the day and return to stay at night.

David McCue failed to appear in court for sentencing on 31 March

A rapist who went on the run before the end of his trial has been arrested.

David McCue, 40, was convicted in his absence at the High Court in Glasgow of sexual offences against a woman and a younger girl.

His attacks on the woman, which took place in the city's Townhead and Barlanark areas, included raping her while she was asleep.

McCue, from Springboig in Glasgow, had failed to appear for sentencing on 31 March.

The four charges of which he was convicted spanned between 2010 and 2018.

Police Scotland confirmed he had been re-arrested and is due to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Friday.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Britain's Katie Boulter will face the biggest challenge of her Wimbledon so far when she plays defending champion Elena Rybakina on Saturday.

Boulter faces the Kazakh third seed on Centre Court - the same stage where she stunned 2021 finalist Karolina Pliskova last year - for a place in the last 16.

"I think this is a good time for Katie to play against her," she said.

"Rybakina hasn't really come into this year's Championships playing lots of tennis.

"She has looked vulnerable at times and, if you were in Rybakina's shoes, you're up against a British number one who is popular and will have the majority of that crowd supporting her.

"It is a situation I don't think Rybakina has found herself in too often."

Men's top seed Carlos Alcaraz opens the sixth day's play on Centre Court against Chile's Nicolas Jarry at 13:30 BST.

Women's second seed Aryna Sabalenka and last year's finalist Ons Jabeur are also in action.
• None Couple Boulter and De Minaur through in mixed doubles

Boulter has enjoyed a fine grass-court season, winning her maiden WTA Tour title at Nottingham in the build-up to Wimbledon and showing superb focus to reach the third round here.

A big hitter, with an aggressive game built around her forehand, Boulter is a popular player with the home fans and is the only Briton left in either singles draw following the exits of Andy Murray, Cameron Norrie and Liam Broady on Friday.

Boulter claimed an emotional victory over former world number one Pliskova on Centre Court last year and is aiming to channel those memories against Rybakina.

"I think I've got the whole thing in my memory, to be honest with you," Boulter said.

"I still think about the time that I served it out. That's something that I draw on.

"I'm already excited to play against a top player and have a go. I think they're the moments I get excited for."

Rybakina has had a shaky start to her title defence, having to fight back from a set down in her opener and looking unsure at times in her second-round win over Alize Cornet.

A more subdued figure on court than Boulter, the Australian Open runner-up is not worried about the home-crowd support her opponent will receive.

"The crowd won't be supporting me that much. I'm sure it's going to be good," she added.

"She's a tough player and her game is aggressive. It's going to be tough one."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our fossil-fuel usage with hydrogen
• None How did Mitchell Johnson rise from the ashes? The former Australia bowler talks about restoring his reputation following his public ridicule in 2010

BBC presenter George Alagiah will be taking a break from TV after discovering his cancer has spread further, his agent has said.

He was first diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2014 and has stepped back from presenting intermittently for treatment since then.

The journalist, 66, returned to the BBC's News at Six in April.

Working in the newsroom "has been such an important part of keeping energised and motivated", said Alagiah.

In a statement, he said "it's back to the tough stuff" after a scan showed his cancer had spread further.

"I'm missing my colleagues", he said, adding that he was looking forward to returning to the studio "as soon as I can".

The news was confirmed by his agent Mary Greenham.

In January, Alagiah said he thought the cancer he had had since 2014 would "probably get me in the end", but he still feels "very lucky".

Speaking on the podcast Desperately Seeking Wisdom he said that when his cancer was first diagnosed, it took a while for him to understand what he "needed to do".

"I had to stop and say, 'Hang on a minute. If the full stop came now, would my life have been a failure?'

"And actually, when I look back and I looked at my journey... the family I had, the opportunities my family had, the great good fortune to bump into (Frances Robathan), who's now been my wife and lover for all these years, the kids that we brought up... it didn't feel like a failure."

Alagiah underwent 17 rounds of chemotherapy to treat his advanced bowel cancer in 2014 and said he was a "richer person" for it upon returning to presenting the following year.

As well as presenting the news, Alagiah has worked as a BBC News foreign correspondent and specialist on Africa and the developing world, covering events including the Rwandan genocide and interviewing Nelson Mandela and Archbishop Desmond Tutu.

Most people with these symptoms do not have bowel cancer, but the NHS advice is to see your GP if you have one or more of the symptoms and they have persisted for more than four weeks.

And if you, or someone you know, have been affected by cancer, information and support is available on the BBC's Action Line page.

Twitter's second head of trust and safety under owner Elon Musk has resigned, according to reports.

Ella Irwin took the post when previous head Yoel Roth left in November 2022 - a month after Mr Musk took over the company.

The head of trust and safety is tasked with content moderation, a topic which has come under the spotlight since Mr Musk's takeover.

The BBC has approached Twitter and Ms Irwin for comment.

She confirmed to both Reuters and the Wall Street Journal that she has stepped down. The reason for her resignation is unclear.

However, it comes a day after Mr Musk publicly criticised a content moderation decision made at Twitter.

He called the decision to limit the visibility of a video over allegations of misgendering, "a mistake by many people at Twitter".

"Whether or not you agree with using someone's preferred pronouns, not doing so is at most rude and certainly breaks no laws," he wrote.

It comes a week after the social media platform pulled out of the European Union's voluntary code to fight disinformation.

Mr Musk announced last month that Linda Yaccarino, the former head of advertising at NBCUniversal, would become Twitter's new chief executive. She has not yet started her role.

In-depth studies have indicated hate speech has been growing under Mr Musk's tenure, with the Center for Countering Digital Hate, a London-based campaign group, finding slurs increased substantially after the takeover.

And in December 2022, Twitter disbanded the volunteer group which advised it on self-harm, child abuse and hate speech.

But there have been moves to moderate the accuracy of content, with Mr Musk announcing the platform's Community Notes feature would be expanded to images.

Community Notes is a crowdsourced fact-checking system, in which Twitter users can add comments which provide context to tweets - often labelling them as false or misleading.

The platform wants to expand this feature to include video in the future.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

As so often in the past, the latest scenes of violence at Jerusalem's most important holy site for Muslims and Jews are igniting widespread anger.

In one social media video, heavily armed Israeli police apparently use a rifle butt and sticks to beat Palestinian worshippers who had barricaded themselves inside the al-Aqsa mosque.

Israeli police have released their own footage which seems to show fireworks thrown by Palestinians, lighting up the prayer hall.

Pictures of the aftermath show overturned furniture and prayer mats scattered across the carpet.

With tensions already running high in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, for months, officials and diplomats have been warning about the risk of a new round of violence in this sacred spot at a highly sensitive time.

Muslims believe the al-Aqsa mosque compound is the location where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to Heaven

The al-Aqsa Mosque compound/Haram al-Sharif is the third holiest place in Islam. It is also known as Temple Mount, the holiest site in Judaism.

In the past, the compound has often seen clashes between Palestinian worshippers and Israeli security forces, triggering wider unrest.

In May 2021, an Israeli raid here contributed to an 11-day full-scale conflict between Israel and Hamas, the Islamist militant group which governs the Gaza Strip.

Last year, the first time that the Islamic holy month of Ramadan and the week-long Jewish holiday of Passover coincided in three decades, there were violent scenes over successive days as Israeli police cleared the courtyard before escorting Jewish visitors into the compound.

They said that stones were also thrown towards the Western Wall, down below the compound, the holiest place where Jews are allowed to pray.

From Wednesday evening, Ramadan and Passover overlap again. The next two weekends also mark Easter for Western churches and Eastern Orthodox ones.

All of the festivals draw more religious visitors to the Old City. As well as locals, some 60,000 tourists were due to arrive in Israel this week, according to official figures.

In recent days, there has been a festive buzz in the air at the gates of Jerusalem's Old City.

Palestinians I spoke to were pleased there had been a huge turnout for prayers on the second Friday of Ramadan - with some 250,000 people attending, according to the Islamic Waqf which administers the site. Israeli authorities allowed some 70,000 Palestinians to enter Jerusalem from the West Bank.

Thousands of Christians also gathered for Sunday's Palm Sunday procession from the Mount of Olives.

"This was good, but it's always the political people who can make fire. That's what everyone's afraid of," said Palestinian souvenir seller Marwan, as he sold candles to Christian pilgrims heading to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre - built where Christians believe Jesus was crucified, buried and resurrected.

Jews revere the hilltop compound as the site of two Biblical temples

Prior to Wednesday's morning's unrest, Hamas called for worshippers to seal themselves in al-Aqsa mosque to stop a plan by Jewish extremists to try to sacrifice a goat for Passover at the hilltop site, resurrecting a biblical tradition.

Clashes began after a few hundred Palestinians barricaded themselves in the mosque after Ramadan prayers.

The majority were soon cleared out by Israeli police, but dozens remained inside. Police stated that what ensued was a "violent riot" by "lawbreakers and troublemakers" who they say desecrated the mosque.

Palestinian leaders condemned the Israeli attacks on worshippers as a crime, saying a "red line" had been crossed. Militants in Gaza swiftly responded by firing rockets at southern Israel, prompting Israel warplanes to bomb sites there linked to Hamas.

Jordan and Egypt, both involved in recent Washington-backed efforts to de-escalate tensions between Israel and the Palestinians, were also highly critical of Israel's actions.

Fears of further confrontations in the coming days are now heightened, particularly if Israeli officials such as the far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben Gvir make a visit, or if Israeli police allow Jewish activists to pray at the sensitive site, breaking fragile, decades-old rules which apply there.

"We are always concerned about the attempts of Jewish extremists to upset the status quo," Dr Mustafa Abu Sway, an Islamic scholar and member of the Islamic Waqf Council in Jerusalem, told me earlier this week.

He said the important last 10 days of Ramadan which begin next Tuesday, leading into Laylat al-Qadr, the Night of Power, were a particular issue.

"Historically, Israel as an occupying force prevented Jewish extremists from entering during these 10 days. But with such a government in place, we are concerned that they will allow it," he said.

Israeli authorities insist that they act to preserve freedom of worship at the religious site, which plays a highly symbolic role in the nationalist narratives of Israelis and Palestinians.

It is believed by Muslims to be the location where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to Heaven, while Jews revere it as the site of two Biblical temples, the second of which was destroyed in Roman times.

Did you witness the violence? If it is safe for you to do so share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Data for England is shown by NHS trust, where the trust includes at least one hospital with a Type 1 A&E department. Type 1 means a consultant-led 24 hour A&E service with full resuscitation facilities. Data for Wales and Scotland is shown by Health Board and in Northern Ireland by Health and Social Care Trust.

When you enter a postcode for a location in England you will be shown a list of NHS trusts in your area. They will not necessarily be in order of your closest hospital as some trusts have more than one hospital. Data for Wales and Scotland are shown by NHS board and by Health and Social Care trust in Northern Ireland.

Comparative data is shown for a previous year where available. However, where trusts have merged there is no like-for-like comparison to show. Earlier data is not available for all measures, so comparisons between years are not always possible.

A&E attendances include all emergency departments in that trust or health board, not just major A&E departments, for example, those who attend minor injury units.

Each nation has different target times for some of the measures shown, therefore comparisons between them may not be possible.

Cardiff announced the signing of Emiliano Sala on 19 January, 2019, two days before the plane he was on went missing

Cardiff City has been ordered to pay Nantes the transfer balance for Emiliano Sala, who died in a plane crash before he could play for the Welsh side.

The BBC has been told that Fifa has told the Championship club to pay more than €11m (£9.45m).

That covers the last two instalments of the €17m agreed between the clubs.

Meanwhile, French prosecutors have confirmed several employees of FC Nantes have been arrested.

That is as part of an investigation into money laundering and tax fraud.

In a statement, Nantes public prosecutor's office said the FC Nantes club manager, his deputy general manager and two people, including a players' agent, were placed in police custody but have since been released pending an investigation.

Cardiff City has been in dispute with FC Nantes over the transfer fee since the striker's death in January 2019.

The Argentine had just become Cardiff City's £15m record signing when the plane carrying him from France to Wales crashed into the English Channel.

In May, the club said it would continue legal action against FC Nantes through the French courts after a Swiss Federal Tribunal decided the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) did not have the power to deal with the club's claim for damages.

Argentine artist Gabriel Griffa painted this mural of the player in Carquefou, near Nantes

Cardiff failed in its appeal to the CAS over the Fifa ruling, and in January paid the first instalment, believed to be around £7m, of the Sala fee to Nantes.

On Friday, the club issued a statement confirming the decision by Fifa they should pay the final two instalments.

But it questioned the timing of the Fifa ruling, saying: "It would have been fairer if the requirement to pay FC Nantes had been deferred until the conclusion of the French police investigations and the club's claim against FC Nantes in the French courts."

Separately, French investigators confirmed on Friday they were investigating employees of FC Nantes over a number of charges including:

Philippe Astruc, district attorney for the Court of Justice of Rennes said: "The French Football Federation has instituted civil proceedings before the investigating judge, as part of its mission to regulate the activity of sports agents in the discipline of football and to defend the moral and material interests of French football.

"The investigations mainly focused on the analysis of contracts, bank accounts and financial flows, with analysis of the numerous documents seized during the search.

Radar contact was lost when the aircraft was 22 nautical miles (40 km) north-north-west of Guernsey

"A laundering of large-scale tax evasion would also have been updated against one of the protagonists"

Cardiff City claims Sala's transfer had not been finalised at the time of his accident.

In May they launched a counter-claim in France for around €100m.

Nantes Commercial Court said last week it would hold a hearing on the merits of that case, probably in the second quarter of 2024.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Scotland's social justice secretary says the government must stand up for the will of the Scottish Parliament.

The Scottish government is to launch a legal challenge to Westminster's block on its controversial gender reforms.

The proposals, which would allow people in Scotland to self-identify their sex, were passed by the Scottish Parliament in December last year.

But they were blocked by the UK government over their potential impact on UK-wide equality laws.

First Minister Humza Yousaf has previously described that move as an "undemocratic veto".

He was the only one of the three candidates in the SNP leadership contest who backed taking legal action in an attempt to overturn the block.

His predecessor, Nicola Sturgeon, had described the block as a "full-frontal attack on our democratically-elected Scottish Parliament" and said that legal action was inevitable.

Shirley-Anne Somerville, Scotland's social justice secretary, said the Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill had been passed by an "overwhelming majority of the Scottish Parliament, with support from members of all parties".

She said the block by the UK government was an "unprecedented challenge to the Scottish Parliament's ability to legislate on clearly devolved matters".

Ms Somerville added: "To uphold the democratic decision of the parliament, and ensure proper protection of devolution, Scottish ministers will now lodge a petition for judicial review of the secretary of state's decision.

She is expected to make a statement to the Scottish Parliament after the Easter break setting out details of her plans for a court challenge.

First Minister Humza Yousaf has described the block as undemocratic

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the UK government's decision to block the gender recognition reforms, saying it had been based on "very careful and considered advice".

He added: "We had concerns about how Scotland's gender recognition act would interact with reserved powers, about the operation of the Equalities Act, the protection of women elsewhere in the UK as well.

"Obviously there's a court process, we will follow that through."

The gender reforms have been divisive within the SNP, with another of the leadership candidates, Ash Regan, resigning from the government last year over her fears about their impact on safeguards for women and girls.

A recent opinion poll by Panelbase for the Sunday Times suggested that 18% of Scottish voters think Mr Yousaf should launch a legal challenge, while 44% said that he should abandon the reforms and 24% believed a compromise should be found with the UK government.

Shortly after the reforms were passed, double rapist Isla Bryson - who changed gender after being arrested for attacking two women - was remanded to a women's jail.

Bryson was subsequently moved to a male prison after the case sparked widespread anger. Ministers insisted the new legislation had no impact on the decision about where Bryson was held.

Scottish Conservative deputy leader Meghan Gallacher claimed that the legal challenge was a "painfully transparent attempt by Humza Yousaf to divert attention from the civil war engulfing the SNP and the huge question marks over the party's finances".

But the Scottish Greens, who have a power sharing agreement with the SNP, said the move was "vital for equality and democracy".

He's barely got his feet under the table at Bute House, but Humza Yousaf has already been pitched into a constitutional showdown with the UK government.

There is an extent to which the new first minister has been painted into a corner here. He only had until Monday to decide whether to challenge the UK government's unprecedented veto of Holyrood's gender reforms.

His SNP leadership campaign also promised to maintain the partnership with the Greens - and anything short of a full-throated defence of the reforms would have seen them walk.

But Mr Yousaf has also signed up to this fight completely voluntarily.

He deliberately founded much of his leadership platform on social justice issues, and said he would continue the agenda started by Nicola Sturgeon.

And while crafting his own identity as first minister, he will not want to start by shying away from a confrontation with UK ministers on the topic of Holyrood's powers.

It is a risky strategy given how this issue has divided his party. But this is a battle Mr Yousaf is now fully committed to.

Mr Yousaf has previously said he would only launch a court challenge to the UK government's block if he was given legal advice that it stood a chance of succeeding.

But former Supreme Court judge Lord Hope has said the Scottish government's chances of winning a court case are "very low".

The former deputy president of the Supreme Court said the Scottish legislation "most certainly does" impact on the Equality Act 2010 and the existing Gender Recognition Act 2004, which currently apply across Great Britain.

And he said it was difficult to see how a court would not agree that Scottish Secretary Alister Jack had "acted reasonably" in blocking the reforms through the use of a Section 35 order.

The Scottish secretary is able to use a Section 35 to block legislation passed by Holyrood if he believes it would have a detrimental impact on areas that are reserved to Westminster.

It is the first time a Section 35 has been used since the Scottish Parliament was created in 1999.

Former SNP minister Alex Neil told BBC Scotland earlier on Wednesday that "every lawyer I have spoken to has told me we don't have a cat in hell's chance of winning" a legal battle.

He said Mr Yousaf should instead focus on reintroducing the legislation after its "deficiencies" had been addressed.

Opponents of the gender reforms are concerned about their potential impact on single-sex spaces and other protections for women and girls

Susan Smith, co-director of the For Women Scotland group - which opposes the gender self-identification reforms - said Mr Yousaf was "remarkably foolish" to take legal action over legislation that is "wildly unpopular".

She added: "It is widely predicted that they will lose, so it seems like an incredible waste of everybody's time and money to go through this when there are other really pressing matters".

However, the announcement of a legal challenge was welcomed by Vic Valentine, the manager of Scottish Trans, who said the UK government's block was "unacceptable".

They added: "Other countries all over the world have introduced similar laws, with the only impact being a positive one."

Colin Macfarlane, the director of nations at Stonewall, said the UK government's "unprecedented" block had "made clear that they see trans people as a threat to be contained rather than people to be treated with dignity and respect".

The reforms are intended to make it easier for people to change their legally-recognised sex by doing away with the need for a medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria - a sense of unease that a person may have because of a mismatch between their biological sex and their gender identity.

Applicants for a gender recognition certificate would need to have lived in their acquired gender for three months rather than the current two years.

And the minimum age that someone can apply to change their sex will be cut from 18 to 16 - although 16 and 17-year-olds would need to have lived as their acquired gender for six months rather than three.

Ukraine's army has released footage appearing to show drones delivering water bottles to people stranded by floodwaters in Russian-controlled areas of the Kherson region.

Water from the destroyed Kakhovka dam has engulfed the area, causing thousands to flee and sparking a humanitarian disaster.

Read the latest on the dam disaster here.

More children are thought to be absent from school on Fridays

Some pupils have missed school on Fridays since the pandemic because their parents are at home, England's children's commissioner has said.

The number of pupils regularly missing school in England remains higher than pre-Covid levels.

Dame Rachel de Souza told MPs there was "a huge amount" of absence on Fridays - when "mum and dad are at home" - that "wasn't there before".

The government said it is providing help for regularly absent children.

Pupils count as persistently absent if they miss 10% or more of school sessions, which would amount to seven days in the autumn term.

Dame Rachel told the Commons Education Select Committee on Tuesday that 818,000 of the 1.6 million children who were persistently absent across the autumn and spring terms in 2021/22 were off school for reasons other than illness.

And some pupils are missing school on Fridays more than on other days of the week, she said - a trend that did not exist before the pandemic - citing analysis of attendance data from autumn 2021, covering 32,000 children from three multi-academy trusts.

Dame Rachel said conversations with families suggested one reason for lower school attendance was that remote learning during lockdown had led to an attitude of "Well, why can't we just have online learning?"

She added: "Parents are at home on Fridays. We've had evidence from kids: 'Well, you know, mum and dad are at home - stay at home'."

One survey published last year suggested only 13% of UK workers go into the office on a Friday. However, the Office for National Statistics says most people do not work from home.

The Education Select Committee has launched an inquiry into why persistent absence has grown since the pandemic.

A quarter (25.1%) of pupils were persistently absent last term, compared with 13.1% in the autumn term of 2019. The increase was partly driven by high levels of flu and other viruses, the government said at the time.

Responding to Dame Rachel's comments on Tuesday, a Department for Education spokesperson said: "The vast majority of children are in school and learning but we are offering targeted help for children who are regularly absent.

"This includes working with schools, trusts, governing bodies, and local authorities to identify pupils who are at risk of becoming, or who are persistently absent and working together to support that child to return to regular and consistent education."

Nitrous oxide, sold in metal canisters, can lead to a vitamin deficiency that damages nerves in the spinal column

Possessing laughing gas is to be made a criminal offence for the first time, the government has announced.

There will also be tighter controls on retailers to prevent the supply of nitrous oxide for misuse.

It goes against recommendations from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) which recently advised against new laws to ban nitrous oxide.

Nitrous oxide, sold in metal canisters, is known as NOS and is one of the most-used drugs by UK 16 to 24-year-olds.

The details are expected to be released on Monday. The BBC understands the ban would be issued under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, which regulates drugs based on their perceived harm and potential for misuse.

It is already illegal to produce or supply the gas for its psychoactive effects under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016. The law makes production, supply and importation of nitrous oxide for human consumption illegal, but not possession.

The change is part of a crackdown on anti-social behaviour, which Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will announce on Monday for England and Wales.

The plans will also give police and councils additional powers to deal with people who are "causing nuisance" by blocking shop doorways, asking for money at cash machines or leaving their belongings on pavements.

These people will then be "directed towards the support they need", such as accommodation, mental health or substance misuse services.

"The debris and paraphernalia which causes blight will then be cleared," the government added.

Outlining the reasons behind the nitrous oxide ban, the government said it was "concerned about the rise in health and social harms" of laughing gas, "particularly to young people".

"We are for the first time making possession of nitrous oxide an offence; preventing supply for misuse by putting tighter controls on retailers; and giving greater powers to law enforcement to take action against those who are in breach," it added.

Speaking on the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme, Michael Gove said: "We are doing this because if you walk through any urban park you will see these little silver cannister which are the evidence of people regarding public spaces as arenas for drug taking.

"It is unacceptable. People should feel those spaces are being looked after in a way which means they are safe for children."

The levelling up secretary said the drug has an "intoxicating and potentially damaging effect on young brains and young nervous systems".

Heavy use can lead to a vitamin deficiency that damages nerves in the spinal column.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Several drugs charities have criticised the announcement, claiming criminalising possession could lead to the drug becoming more dangerous.

Steve Rolles, senior policy analyst at the Transform Drug Policy Foundation, said: "The idea that this is a deterrent effect is ridiculous it just criminalises users and will hand control of the product to criminal gangs.

"This is just political theatre - if you need any proof you just need to see that they have ignored their own advisers. This is a particularly ugly example of performative politics."

Transform Drug Policy Foundation is a charity which campaigns for drugs to be legalised and regulated.

Prof Adam Winstock, an addiction medicine specialist and founder of the Global Drug Survey, told the BBC that getting a criminal record "is going to be a far greater harm than the risks for the vast majority of people using nitrous oxide".

Reducing the risks of nitrous oxide is "better achieved with smart education, not blunt regulation that may compound existing harms and create new ones", he added.

Earlier this year the Home Office asked the ACMD to provide advice on whether to make possession of nitrous oxide a crime.

The report recommended the substance should not be controlled under the Misuse of Drugs Act - which allows the use of life sentences for those supplying or producing some drugs.

The ACMD stated the Psychoactive Substances Act - which limits prison sentences to a maximum of seven years - "remains appropriate legislation".

It said sanctions for the offences would be disproportionate with the level of harm associated with nitrous oxide, as well as creating "significant burdens" for legitimate uses of the substance.

The review also found "no substantive evidence of links between nitrous oxide and anti-social behaviour" aside from littering.

Alexandre Piot, director of research at the Conservative Drug Policy Reform Group, said it was "shocking that the government feels it knows better than its own independent body of experts set up by law".

"The more they don't listen to them, the more drug policy will continue to fail," he said.

Nitrous oxide is regularly used as an anaesthetic in medicine and dentistry, and as a gas for making whipped cream in cooking.

Labour backed the plans to ban the sale of nitrous oxide. Shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell said its use "causes a huge amount of littering disruption and anti-social behaviour".

She added: "We do need to tackle at source these kind of behaviours that are blights on our community."

It comes as the government unveils a new strategy to crack down on anti-social behaviour.

Public drug use, fly-tipping and low-level crimes such as graffiti are to be targeted with a strategy of "hotspot" policing and "short and sharp" punishments.

People who vandalise public spaces will have to repair the damage they cause within 48 hours of being given an order.

A pilot, covering 10 areas, aims to show the public such acts are "quickly and visibly" punished.

Ms Powell said the plans "amount to nothing".

Labour have also accused the government of cutting neighbourhood policing, leading to fewer offenders being punished.

"We've heard it all before from this government and I think we have to judge them by their record," Ms Powell added.

The group said they had nothing to do with the decision to pull the track.

The Proclaimers have spoken for the first time about the decision to pull their most famous song from an official Coronation playlist.

The Scottish duo's hit I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) was initially included in the list, curated by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport.

But the song was later removed following complaints about the brothers' well-known republican views.

Craig and Charlie Reid appeared bemused and said the row had passed them by.

"We didn't know it was going on and we didn't know it was coming off," they told BBC Radio Scotland's Afternoon Show.

Craig said he had first heard at the end of last year that the song had been suggested for use at Coronation celebrations.

It featured on the Spotify playlist alongside Queen, The Beatles, David Bowie, Kate Bush, Electric Light Orchestra and some other top UK artists.

"I don't think it's the royals themselves that do it, I think they probably get a company to cobble together whatever," he added.

"I didn't give it a second thought and then a few weeks ago they said that it's been taken off because of our republican views."

The brothers have been outspoken in the past about the monarchy, describing their 2007 song In Recognition as "our overwhelming contempt for people on the left in this country who snipe against the Royal Family and then end up taking honours".

But while they describe themselves as lifelong republicans, Charlie Reid said they had nothing to do with the decision to remove the song from the playlist.

"We're presuming some 'Bufton Tufton' from Tunbridge Wells has complained but who knows?" he said

"Maybe somebody at a newspaper does it to create a story and I believe these things go on. We'll never really know and it's better that we don't."

It is crunch time for Dominic Raab.

In the coming hours, the deputy prime minister will discover his fate.

There are three possible eventualities: He is sacked. He resigns. He stays on.

All of this relates to allegations of bullying, which Mr Raab denies.

"If an allegation of bullying is upheld, I would resign," Mr Raab has said.

Back in November, five months ago, the government appointed a senior lawyer, Adam Tolley KC, to conduct an independent investigation into complaints about his conduct.

"The investigation should be completed as swiftly as possible," the terms of reference stated, almost 150 days ago.

This clearly hasn't proved straight forward, or, it would seem, particularly limited in its scope.

"The independent investigator will report to the prime minister on his investigation. As set out in the Ministerial Code, the prime minister is the ultimate judge of the standards of behaviour expected of a minister and the appropriate consequences of a breach of those standards. The report of the investigation will be made public."

So we know we will find out what is in Mr Tolley's report. And we know the final judgement call will be one for the prime minister.

Rishi Sunak has been prime minister for almost six months. This inquiry has been going on for almost five months.

In other words, the future of Mr Sunak's deputy, the man who loyally and publicly campaigned for him to be prime minister until the very point of his defeat by Liz Truss in last summer's leadership election, has hung over them both for almost as long as Mr Sunak has been in 10 Downing Street.

Speaking to senior folk in government privately, most assume that Mr Raab - who is also justice secretary - is "toast" as one figure put it to me.

"The breadth of this, the number of people complaining, surely he can't survive?" said another.

"He's got to be done for, so many people think he's a nightmare," one minister told me.

"How does he go home to his wife and kids when there have been so many headlines about him about this stuff?" another said. "To his credit, mind you, he manages to. He's been getting on with things."

Others are much, much more circumspect.

Few dispute he is quite the taskmaster to work for, but say that is a million miles from him being a bully. All this has already proved politically and financially costly to Mr Raab.

For months, questions about his conduct have followed his every public move.

He was taunted about it when he stood in for Rishi Sunak at Prime Minister's Questions recently, which must have been excruciating for him.

And Mr Raab has picked up his own legal fees during this investigation.

Some believe the report will be terrible for Mr Raab. One source suggested the process had taken so long because of the scale of claims made against him and Mr Tolley's desire to ensure the process is scrupulous.

So how might things pan out?

What happens if the prime minister concludes the report from Mr Tolley means Mr Raab can carry on?

Some will ask what all the fuss was about and wonder if some civil servants are insufficiently thick skinned to deal with a demanding boss.

Some of the complainants might feel a deep sense of injustice, and choose to speak out.

Those with deep knowledge of the government machinery wonder how the Ministry of Justice would be able to properly function, given the complaints from within that department about the secretary of state.

Bluntly, there are civil servants there who want him out. Mr Raab knows that. And yet he'd still be there. So would they resign?

What plans might the Cabinet Secretary Simon Case have to move people about in Whitehall to deal with this scenario?

And what happens if Mr Raab is sacked or resigns?

The question that will immediately be put to the prime minister is why did you appoint this loyal supporter in the first place?

Back in November, Mr Sunak repeatedly declined to tell me whether he had informal warnings about Mr Raab's behaviour before bringing him back into the cabinet.

In my interview, he said people with concerns should raise them.

Shortly afterwards, complaints were made and the independent investigation was set up.

The prime minister has never given a straight answer to that question of whether he had heard anything informally.

Those around Mr Sunak have long argued that means you have to have proper processes and not make knee-jerk judgements.

The other question that will be asked is why did it take so long to get to this point?

What needs to change about how Westminster works to prevent this happening again?

And the prime minister would have to find a new justice secretary, and decide whether he needs another deputy prime minister.

Whatever happens, it looks like an eventful few days ahead at Westminster.

Diesel prices fell by a record 12p per litre on average in the UK last month, according to the RAC.

Pump prices dropped from about £1.59 to £1.47, the group said, cutting the cost of filling up a family car by £6.50.

The RAC said the reduction was the largest monthly drop it had seen since it began monitoring prices in 2000.

But the motoring group argued the drop in price was "both long overdue and smaller than it should be" due to wholesale prices being lower.

The British Retail Consortium, which represents supermarkets, said "big cuts" had been made to diesel prices in response to falling wholesale costs.

Diesel prices are now down more than 25% from 2022 highs, after falling for seven months in a row.

The fuel hit a £1.99 per litre high last summer after oil prices soared following Russian's invasion of Ukraine.

Petrol prices have also been falling steadily since then and dropped from £1.46 to £1.43 on average last month, figures from the RAC said.

The motoring group has suggested that prices have not come down as fast or by as much as they should have, noting that prices were significantly lower in Northern Ireland.

The RAC said the cut should have been more significant to fully reflect changes in the wholesale market because diesel wholesale costs had been lower than petrol for 10 weeks.

In May, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) announced it was investigating fuel prices and whether a "failure in competition" had meant drivers overpaid.

The watchdog said it was "concerned about the sustained higher margins on diesel compared to petrol" so far this year.

It said evidence it had gathered so far suggested at least one supermarket had set a higher target for its profit margin on fuel prices in 2022, which could have led rivals to follow suit and raise prices too.

The RAC said after calling for prices to fall in recent months, it seemed "ironic that the latest price cuts have finally come in the two weeks following the Competition and Markets Authority's announcement".

"What's happened to the price of diesel in May will no doubt give the CMA something to think about," Mr Williams said. "We strongly hope the pump price reductions continue as they should."

Gordon Balmer, executive director of the Petrol Retailers Association, which represents thousands of independent forecourts, said its advice to drivers was to "shop around".

"As noted by the CMA, petrol and diesel prices are still volatile due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. The market is very dynamic and independent forecourts are in many cases undercutting supermarkets on price," he added.

A separate review of the fuel market has been ongoing for several months, over initial concerns that retailers and forecourts were failing to pass on a 5p fuel duty cut to motorists.

The HS2 rail line has been given an "unachievable" rating by an official watchdog.

It has been given a "red" warning for its first two phases - from London to Birmingham then onto Crewe - by the Infrastructure and Projects Authority.

The project aims to create high-speed rail links between London and central and northern England, but has faced major delays and criticism.

The government says it remains committed to delivering HS2.

The red rating came in the IPA's annual report on major projects, which was published on 20 July and gave a snapshot of progress on 244 projects.

The IPA describes itself as the government's centre of expertise for infrastructure and major projects, and reports to the Cabinet Office and HM Treasury.

Under the IPA's grading system, a red rating implies: "Successful delivery of the project appears to be unachievable."

The rating also means there are "major issues with project definition, schedule, budget, quality and/or benefits delivery, which at this stage do not appear to be manageable or resolvable".

"The project may need re-scoping and/or its overall viability reassessed."

The phase of the project running from Crewe to Manchester was given an "amber" grading by the IPA, under which successful delivery of a project "appears feasible", but "significant issues already exist".

The London to Birmingham leg of HS2 was due to open in 2026, but is now expected between 2029 and 2033.

An eastern leg of the line running to Leeds has been scrapped, and instead a shorter high-speed line will link Birmingham and East Midlands Parkway.

In March, the government announced it was delaying the Birmingham to Crewe leg by two years to cut costs.

An HS2 spokesperson said construction on the line was now hitting a "peak", with "work intensifying and huge civil engineering structures taking shape along Phase One of the route".

The spokesperson added the priority was to ensure that the initial high-speed services - connecting Old Oak Common in west London and Birmingham Curzon Street - were running by the current target of the early 2030s.

Management issues and unrealistic land valuations have caused costs to spiral.

A budget of £55.7bn for the whole project was set in 2015, but the target cost excluding the eastern leg of Phase 2b from the West Midlands to the East Midlands has soared to between £53bn and £61bn at 2019 prices.

Earlier this month, HS2 Ltd's chief executive Mark Thurston announced his resignation - he will leave his role in September after six and a half years.

His resignation came as phase one of the project between London and Birmingham is under construction, with major work taking place at more than 350 sites.

In March, Transport Secretary Mark Harper announced work at London Euston would be paused for two years after costs increased from £2.6bn to £4.8bn.

A spokesperson for the Department of Transport said: "We remain committed to delivering HS2 in the most cost-effective way for taxpayers.

"HS2 will bring transformational benefits for generations to come, improving connections and helping grow the economy."

Donald Trump, the former US President, made a stop after his court appearance in Miami.

The Port of Everett is a popular place for mariners in the northern Puget Sound area of Washington state.

More than a dozen companies, like OceanGate, are based here. But OceanGate is the only company that makes underwater submersibles here, port workers tell me.

Corie Reed, the owner of the Seas the Day coffeeshop, says that more than half of her customers are regulars - since many both live on their boats and work in the port's administrative offices.

She's served Stockton Rush, the owner of OceanGate who is now missing, and his employees many times in the past year, she says.

After returning from a recent trip to see the Titanic, Reed says OceanGate workers told her baristas all about their unique view of the famous shipwreck.

"Lots of people are coming in and talking about it," Reed told me about the missing sub.

"People are saying how scary it is, and 'they have x amount of oxygen left'," she says.

But as someone who is not personally involved in shipping, she says she has "no idea" how likely the submersible is to be found.

"Lots of rumours," she says. "But it's always a rumor mill here."

Delays to HS2 are being considered among other options to curb rising costs, the project's boss has admitted.

The planned high speed railway which will link London, the Midlands and North of England has long been plagued by cost increases and delays.

HS2 Ltd's boss, Mark Thurston, told the BBC he was looking at the project's timing and phasing with the government.

The government said work was well underway to bring "transformational benefits...for generations to come."

Work on the first stretch of HS2, between London and Birmingham, is 40% complete, with 30,000 people working on it.

But the price-tag of the project, which is the biggest of its kind in Europe, has swollen from the £33bn outlined in 2010 to at least £71bn.

One estimate has put its total cost above £100bn.

The soaring cost of materials has posed a fresh challenge, at a time when the Department for Transport's budget is not due to keep up with inflation.

Mr Thurston told the BBC the impact of inflation had been "significant" in the past year, "whether that's in timber, steel, aggregates for all the concrete we need to use to build the job, labour, all our energy costs, fuel".

He said the organisation was working with suppliers and the government to find ways of mitigating this.

"We're looking at the timing of the project, the phasing of the project, we're looking at where we can use our supply chain to secure a lot of those things that are costing us more through inflation," he added.

Under 'Project Silverlight', ways are being examined to deal with cost pressures on the London-Birmingham stretch.

Mr Thurston said the scope of this first phase was being protected, and also said he was confident it would open within the planned timescale.

He described a second line of work, 'Project Blue Diamond' as "looking at the programme as a whole".

Asked if delaying some parts of the project would help save money, he argued delays did not "typically" save money in the long run.

However, he added "we're looking at a number of options with the Department for Transport".

In a statement, a spokesperson for the government said it continued to carry out regular reviews of the scope, schedule and cost of the project to ensure it delivered value for money.

HS2 trains are due to carry their first passengers between Old Oak Common station in West London and Birmingham, between 2029 and 2033.

Euston station in the capital's centre is currently scheduled to open later, by 2035 - with a new design being worked up that has 10 platforms, not 11 which had been planned. Further stretches to Crewe and then to Manchester are due by 2034 and 2041.

Most of the Eastern leg to Leeds was scrapped in the 2021 Integrated Rail Plan.

There has been speculation the government could decide to axe remaining plans for a high speed line between the West and East Midlands.

Scott Knowles from business group the East Midlands Chamber, said firms needed to know whether this section would definitely go ahead.

He said certainty created confidence and investment, and "any air of a lack of commitment in terms of investing in the East Midlands… will make businesses think twice".

Some critics of the project, who believe the money could be better spent elsewhere, would like to see the railway scrapped or scaled back north of Birmingham.

Another rumoured option is not to build a new line between Crewe and Manchester.

William Barter, a rail consultant who's worked on the project argues that would be a mistake.

"If a big saving is needed, perhaps tens of billions, the only way of doing it unfortunately is by not doing part of the project", he told the BBC.

"I think that's a temptation we have to resist… because if you don't do part of the project, you lose the benefits that go with that part of the project, and you leave the expensive Phase One that's now under construction under-used".

HS2 critic Lord Berkeley has suggested terminating the line at Old Oak Common, and repurposing what remains of the railway, with trains running at lower speeds than currently planned.

In January the Chancellor quashed a report that the railway may not reach Euston, insisting he didn't see any "conceivable circumstances" in which that would happen.

"The Government remains fully committed to the Integrated Rail Plan, including its commitment to deliver the high-speed line from Euston to Manchester."

Labour's Shadow Transport Secretary Louise Haigh said: "Tens of thousands of jobs, and billions in economic growth are dependent on this project. Ministers need to own up and explain why critical decisions....are being delayed".

The pair had met at a car park in Wrexham

A nurse has been sacked after a patient she had a secret relationship with died following a late night meeting in Wrexham.

Penelope Williams didn't call an ambulance after the man, known as Patient A, collapsed in January 2022.

He was found unresponsive with his trousers down and died of heart failure and chronic kidney disease.

Mrs Williams has now been struck off by the Nursing and Midwifery Council for bringing the profession into disrepute.

The hearing was told the patient was found in the back of his own car after the pair had met in a car park.

The panel heard Mrs Williams, who worked as a general nurse on a renal unit, had met Patient A about a year before.

He had multiple health conditions, the hearing was told, and received treatment in the unit where Mrs Williams worked.

On the night, Mrs Williams had gone to the home of a colleague, before meeting with Patient A.

Just before midnight, her co-worker took a call from her.

She was "crying and distressed and asking for help", the panel heard.

After telling them someone had died, Mrs Williams was advised to call an ambulance, but did not.

When the colleague arrived at the car park, they called 999 on finding Patient A partially clothed and unresponsive.

He was pronounced dead shortly after.

Mrs Williams initially told police and a paramedic she had gone to the car park after Patient A messaged her saying he was unwell.

The next day, she admitted to police they had been in a sexual relationship.

But in February, she denied this to health board officials.

She said they had sat in the back of his car for 30-45 minutes "just talking" before Patient A "started groaning and suddenly died".

At a May disciplinary hearing, Mrs Williams admitted both the relationship and not calling an ambulance and was sacked.

The Nursing and Midwifery Council panel found failing to mention the relationship "put her own interests ahead of the wellbeing of Patient A".

It said while Mrs Williams was remorseful, she had limited insight about the damage her relationship could cause to nursing's reputation or its effect on public safety.

They found this amounted to serious misconduct and her fitness to practise was impaired.

Striking her from the nursing register, the panel concluded there were no mitigating features.

"Mrs Williams' actions were significant departures from the standards expected of a registered nurse, and are fundamentally incompatible with her remaining on the register," it said.

"The panel was of the view that the findings in this particular case demonstrate that Mrs Williams' actions were so serious that to allow her to continue practising would undermine public confidence in the profession and in the NMC as a regulatory body."

An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the incident happened in the car park at Spire Wrexham. This was based on information incorrectly provided to the Nursing and Midwifery Council fitness to practise hearing. The article has been updated to reflect that the incident did not happen in the Spire Wrexham car park.

The pair were captured on camera holding the animal at Morayfield, about an hour north of Brisbane city

An Australian man has been charged after allegedly stealing a platypus from the wild, taking it on a train and then showing it off at local shops.

The 26-year-old man was located after police appealed for public help to find the animal - for which they have grave health concerns.

Queensland Police were told the mammal had been released in a nearby river but haven't been able to locate it.

The man could face a fine of up to A$430,000 (£231,700, $288,500).

A woman who was with him has also spoken to police.

Surveillance cameras on Tuesday captured the pair boarding a train at Morayfield, about an hour north of Brisbane, holding the animal wrapped in a towel.

"According to the report that was provided to [authorities], they were showing it off to people on the train, allowing people to pat it," Queensland Police's Scott Knowles said.

Police will also allege in court that the pair were seen showing the animal to members of the public at a nearby shopping centre.

Queensland's environment department had stressed that the platypus was at risk of sickness or death the longer it remained out of its habitat, and urged the pair to take it to a vet.

Police said they were advised the platypus had been released into the Caboolture River, but said they were unsure of its condition.

In a statement, police said it was risky behaviour for both the humans and the animal.

"Taking a platypus from the wild is not only illegal, but it can be dangerous for both the displaced animal and the person involved if the platypus is male as they have venomous spurs," it said.

"If you are lucky enough to see a platypus in the wild, keep your distance. Never pat, hold or take an animal."

The arrested man has been charged with taking an animal classified as protected from the wild and keeping a protected animal captive. He will face court on 8 April.

Famously shy and elusive, platypuses are found in eastern Australia, in freshwater creeks, slow-moving rivers, lakes and dams.

The animals are one of only two types of monotremes - mammals that lay eggs - in the world.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Humza Yousaf, Kate Forbes and Ash Regan believe it is possible to achieve independence for Scotland within five years

All three SNP leadership candidates have predicted that Scotland can be an independent country within five years if they win the contest.

Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes were speaking as they faced each other in a BBC Scotland TV debate.

Mr Yousaf said he believed the country "can and will be" independent by 2028 in response to a question from an audience member.

Ms Regan and Ms Forbes both said they believed the same.

The leadership contest was sparked by Nicola Sturgeon's surprise announcement that she was quitting as both SNP leader and Scotland's first minister after eight years in the roles.

Recent polls have put support for independence at broadly the same level as it was when Ms Sturgeon succeeded Alex Salmond after the referendum in 2014, which saw Scottish voters reject independence by 55% to 45%.

That is despite the turbulence in UK politics in recent years that saw the country leave the EU despite Scotland voting overwhelmingly in favour of remaining and Boris Johnson's often chaotic time as prime minister.

The Supreme Court has also ruled that the Scottish Parliament does not have the power to hold a referendum without the agreement of the UK government - which has repeatedly made clear that it has no intention of granting formal consent through a Section 30 order.

Mr Yousaf, the health secretary who is the bookies favourite to win the contest and is widely viewed as being Ms Sturgeon's preferred candidate, told the Debate Night Special that he believed he could build sustained majority support for independence that would see those political obstacles disappear.

He added: "I would want to be the one who delivers independence, but to do that you've got to stop talking about process and talk about policy.

"We have got to inspire people with a vision for independence. We have to make sure that we're not obsessing about Section 30s and de facto referendums because people just don't get inspired by that."

Who are the SNP candidates?

Ms Forbes, the finance secretary who is currently seen as being Mr Yousaf's closest challenger for the leadership, said she believed the dial could be shifted in favour of independence by building a case on the issues that people were concerned about.

Using the example of the cost of living crisis, she said: "People can't afford next month's energy bill in a country that is rich in energy in terms of oil and gas and in terms of our renewables. It doesn't stack up because the decisions are being made far, far away from those that are most affected.

"I think we should be using all democratic opportunities to campaign for and make the case for independence but in a way that is respectful of the reasons why people may not be persuaded".

Meanwhile, Ms Regan outlined her plans for what she calls a Voter Empowerment Mechanism that "just uses the ballot box to allow the people of Scotland to say when they are ready to be independent".

She added: "You can use each and every election. So you could start with the next election and then the Scottish election after that. And it's there in the background and then the people of Scotland decide when they're ready to become independent."

Ms Regan quit as the country's community safety minister over the government's controversial gender recognition plans, and is seen as being the outsider in the contest.

She clashed with Mr Yousaf - who is the only one of the three to say he would launch a legal challenge to the UK government's block on legislation - over the case of trans rapist Isla Bryson, who was initially sent to a women's prison.

When asked by Ms Regan why he had not listened to concerns about cases such as Bryson's ahead of the reforms being passed, and whether he regarded Bryson as a man or as woman, Mr Yousaf said: "Isla Bryson should not be in a woman's prison.

"Isla Bryson is a rapist who's completely at it, I don't think they're a genuine trans woman, I think they're trying to play the system."

The three candidates are seeking to succeed Nicola Sturgeon as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister

The candidates also faced questions on topics including NHS waiting lists - with one audience member saying her husband has chronic health problems and is facing a six-year waiting list - as well as the state of Scotland's education system and the government's controversial Deposit Return Scheme.

Ms Regan and Ms Forbes have both said they would pause the scheme, which has faced criticism over its implementation, while Mr Yousaf has pledged to create an exemption for small businesses such as craft brewers.

Ms Regan said: "We can't be putting too many burdens on small businesses. We need to look again at this, we need to involve small business, to come and talk to us about where it needs changed, get it right and then implement it."

Ms Forbes also said small businesses needed a "bit of breathing space".

Mr Yousaf said he would not "slag off" Lorna Slater, the Scottish Green minister responsible for bringing in the initiative which is designed to boost the recycling of single-use drinks containers by adding 20p to the price which is then refunded when the consumer returns it.

He said small firms should be excluded from it for its first year but added: "I can't see any point in pausing the scheme when the big boys, the Coca Colas, the Pepsis of this world, they are already taking part in about 40 DRS schemes across the world. We can't let them off the hook".

There was less trashing of one another in this debate and some consensus between the candidates on what the SNP in government has got wrong.

None of them are happy with the current plans for a deposit return scheme and all three promised to change it in the face of strong criticism from some businesses.

Kate Forbes objected to the proposed ban on alcohol advertising and described long waits in the NHS as "unacceptable".

Humza Yousaf - the current health secretary - found himself apologising for one patient's experience and offered a "hands up" over failures to deliver new ferries on time and on budget.

Ash Regan, who resigned from the Scottish government over gender reform, also called for a review of the SNP's power sharing deal with the Greens.

The trouble with all this criticism is that all three candidates have served for years in the Scottish government and although Ash Regan has now quit and Kate Forbes has been on maternity leave, they all bear some collective responsibility for its performance.

For me, one of the stand out moments in this debate was when an audience member called them out on that, arguing that it was "ridiculous" that they had not done more before now to challenge mistakes.

Voting in the SNP leadership election, which is using the single transferable vote system, opened on Monday with the winner to be announced on 27 March.

The SNP has refused to confirm exactly how many party members will be able to take part in the vote, with its Westminster leader Stephen Flynn telling BBC Scotland earlier on Tuesday that he had "no idea" and that "I think the last time I heard it was about 100,000."

The SNP said its membership had reached 125,000 by 2019, but the Electoral Commission put the figure at 104,000 two years later.

The Mail on Sunday has reported that Southampton-based polling firm Mi-Voice, which is overseeing the leadership vote, has been given the names of just 78,000 members by the SNP.

If this is correct, it would suggest that the party may have lost nearly 50,000 members over the past four years. The newspaper also reported that Mi-Voice expected about 54,000 members to actually submit a vote.

Polling expert Prof Sir John Curtice has said Mr Yousaf currently appears to be the most popular of the three candidates among the SNP members who will be picking the new leader, with Ms Forbes second and Ms Regan third.

But Ms Forbes seems to be more popular than her rivals with both SNP voters and the public as a whole, Sir John said.

He added that it "looks as though there is plenty to play for" and that "maybe everything could turn on the unknown second preferences of Ms Regan's supporters".

Whoever wins the SNP leadership contest will face a Scottish Parliament vote on 28 March to confirm them as the new first minister, before being sworn into office the following day.

Ruth Perry was the head at Caversham Primary School in Caversham, Reading

Education unions have called for Ofsted inspections to be paused in the wake of the death of a head teacher.

Ruth Perry, head at Caversham Primary School in Reading, took her own life while waiting for the publication of a report that downgraded her school from outstanding to inadequate.

The National Education Union, school leaders' union NAHT and the Association of School and College Leaders have called for inspections to be halted.

Ofsted has been asked for a comment.

Ms Perry's family said the 53-year-old had described the inspection in November as the worst day of her life.

Paul Whiteman, general secretary of school leaders' union NAHT, said: "It is clear that school leaders up and down the country are placed under intolerable pressure by the current approach.

"It cannot be right that we treat dedicated professions in this way. Something has to change. Whilst it should never take a tragedy like this to prompt action, this has to be a watershed moment.

"The anger and hurt being expressed currently by school staff is palpable. It is essential that all policy makers, including Ofsted, listen and respond.

"Given the strength of feeling and the need for a period of calm reflection, Ofsted should pause inspections this week."

Dr Mary Bousted, Joint General Secretary of the National Education Union, said: "Given recent events and widespread concerns about leaders' wellbeing, it's the height of insensitivity for Ofsted to be going into schools or colleges this week.

"Ofsted should pause all its inspections and reflect upon the unmanageable and counterproductive stress they cause for school leaders, and the impact on leaders."

Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, called for "an immediate review" and urged the inspectorate to consider replacing the current system of "graded judgements which reduce everything that a school or college does to a single blunt descriptor".

He said: "These judgements do not do justice to schools and colleges, and negative outcomes are devastating to leaders, staff and communities."

Ms Perry's sister, Julia Waters, has called for schools to "boycott Ofsted".

In a Facebook post she said: "In Ruth's memory and to protect others, I call on headteachers (with the support of teaching unions) to boycott Ofsted until a thorough, independent review has been conducted and changes implemented; refuse Ofsted inspectors entry to their school (or, at least, refuse to comply with inspectors' requests)."

She previously said her sister told her in feedback to the senior leadership team inspectors said a boy doing a dance move akin to flossing was evidence of the sexualisation of children at the school.

There were also said to be claims of child-on-child abuse, which turned out to be a playground fight.

In the report, seen by the BBC but not published on the Ofsted website, leaders were described as having a "weak understanding of safeguarding requirements and procedures".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The report stated there was not "appropriate supervision during breaktimes", which meant pupils were "potentially at risk of harm".

But it also described a "welcoming and vibrant school", where relationships between staff and pupils were "warm and supportive", and bullying was rare.

Flora Cooper, executive head of John Rankin Schools in Newbury, Berkshire, had earlier tweeted Ms Waters' plea and said she had refused access to inspectors who were due to visit on Tuesday.

She tweeted: "I've just had the call. I've refused entry. This is an interesting phone call. Doing this for everyone for our school staff everywhere!"

In a statement West Berkshire Council later said that following discussions the inspection would go ahead as planned.

"We understand that the inspection process can be a busy and stressful time for teachers, governors and school staff. As a council, we work closely with all of our schools to support them through the inspection process and address any individual concerns," it added.

The Department for Education said inspections were a "legal requirement".

A spokesman said: "Inspections are hugely important as they hold schools to account for their educational standards and parents greatly rely on the ratings to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child.

"We offer our deep condolences to the family and friends of Ruth Perry following her tragic death and are continuing to provide support to Caversham Primary School at this difficult time."

The school inspectors who work for Ofsted have the legal right to enter schools and ask for any documents they wish.

In theory, under the law, anyone who obstructs them could be fined up to £2,500. But the reality is it would never come to that.

These are unusual circumstances - a head teacher, grieving for a colleague, who wants to take a stand.

Head teachers describe Ofsted inspections as a process many find almost unbearably stressful, which takes a toll on their mental and physical health.

Ofsted has a legal duty to check on the standard of education and welfare of children in school. The shocking death of a head teacher in her prime has ignited strong feelings and debate about how they do that.

A petition calling for education secretary Gillian Keegan and Ofsted chief inspector Amanda Spielman to review the inspection and to make changes to the inspection system has so far gathered more than 40,000 signatures.

In the report seen by the BBC, but yet to be published on the Ofsted website, the watchdog rated the school as inadequate, the lowest rating.

Matthew Purves, Ofsted regional director for the south east, said: "We were deeply saddened by Ruth Perry's tragic death.

"Our thoughts remain with Mrs Perry's family, friends and everyone in the Caversham Primary School community."

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The new photos were taken in the Blue Drawing Room at Buckingham Palace

Hollywood actor Tom Cruise and Dame Joan Collins have been announced as some of the latest stars to feature in the Coronation Concert on 7 May.

Adventurer Bear Grylls and Sir Tom Jones will join them in recorded sketches to celebrate the crowning of the King and Camilla, the Queen Consort.

New pictures of the King and Camilla have also been released.

The photos were taken by Hugo Burnand, the photographer at their 2005 wedding.

In one picture, the pair stand together as they pose in blue outfits, and then sit separately on blue and gold chairs in the other two.

The photos were taken last month in the Blue Drawing Room at Buckingham Palace.

The concert on Sunday, 7 May will take place in the grounds of Windsor Castle in front of a crowd of 20,000 members of the public - as well as being broadcast across BBC television and radio.

The King and Camilla, the Queen Consort posing for one of their new photographs

Other names will appear in pre-recorded sketches that are being billed as revealing little-known facts about the monarch - including former Strictly Come Dancing professional Oti Mabuse.

Winnie the Pooh will make an appearance that could match that of the Platinum Party At The Palace in 2022, where the late Queen shared tea with Paddington Bear.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. From June 2022: The Queen meets Paddington Bear for Party at the Palace

The latest names join a billing that already includes Take That, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie, as well as classical acts including Andrea Bocelli and Welsh bass-baritone Sir Bryn Terfel.

Music acts Paloma Faith, Olly Murs, veteran rock guitarist Steve Winwood, Nicole Scherzinger of The Pussycat Dolls and Chinese pianist Lang Lang have been added to the line-up too, along with Nigerian singer-songwriter Tiwa Savage, DJ Pete Tong with his Ibiza Classics project, and the teenage winner of The Piano TV talent show, Lucy.

The Queen Consort joined her husband in wearing blue for the new pictures

Bollywood star Sonam Kapoor has also been chosen to deliver a spoken performance, which she said she would be "honoured" to do.

Kate Phillips, BBC director of unscripted, said: "Against the stunning backdrop of Windsor Castle, it's going to be a jam-packed evening of memorable moments, that Their Majesties and everyone in the UK can enjoy".

As well as the new photos of the King and Camilla, a previously unreleased picture taken of him while he was a student at Cambridge University has also been shared.

He was 18 when the picture was taken at his matriculation - which is when an undergraduate formally becomes a student at the university - in October 1967. It has been preserved in Trinity College's archives since then.

The postage-stamp sized portrait shows the King in Trinity College's 17th Century Wren Library

The King's coronation will take place on Saturday 6 May at Westminster Abbey in London.

On Saturday, it was announced that the King would be anointed behind a private screen during his crowning.

The three-sided, embroidered screen will offer the monarch more seclusion than his predecessors enjoyed while the Archbishop of Canterbury uses holy oil to make the sign of the cross on the King's hand, breast and head.

About 150 people were involved in producing the embroidery, including some from the Royal School of Needlework, livery companies and fabric firms.

Read the latest from our royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

The Department for Infrastructure says it faces a remaining £112m funding gap

Road repairs could be drastically reduced due to budget pressures facing Stormont's Department for Infrastructure (DfI).

DfI warned it will inevitably overspend this year if current political arrangements are unchanged.

Government departments in Northern Ireland are being run by civil servants in the absence of local ministers.

DfI officials believe they lack the legal authority to take measures necessary to balance their budget.

These also include turning off street lights and stopping waste water treatment.

Civil servants have been running departments since October 2022 as a result of the DUP's ministerial boycott in protest at the Northern Ireland Protocol.

They are working with a budget imposed by the Northern Ireland secretary which will see overall day-to-day spending fall by 3.3% in real terms this financial year with all departments having to make cuts.

However, that average 3.3% figure disguises much bigger pressures in some departments.

Infrastructure has calculated that it needed £691m for day-to-day spending to provide a standard service across its areas of responsibility.

Already-announced cuts in areas such as road maintenance and flood risk management reduced the gap to £112m.

In recent weeks the department has been consulting on further possible cuts and believes it will be able to reduce the shortfall to around £55m.

It will primarily aim to do that by cutting £53m from the combined budget of Translink and NI Water.

But officials believe any remaining options for cuts cannot lawfully be taken by them and would require a minister - either the secretary of state or a Stormont minister in a restored executive.

The officials' powers were laid out in the Ireland Executive Formation Act last year and further amended by the Northern Ireland (Interim Arrangements) Act this year.

It is understood that DfI faces particularly difficulties because so much of its spending is statutorily defined, leaving little flexibility for cuts.

Turning off street lights would save the the DfI about £3m in energy payments

The department was also able to make a large one-off saving last year when Translink used £60m of its reserves, a measure that cannot be repeated.

DfI Permanent Secretary Julie Harrison said: "Around 95% of the Department's resource budget delivers essential frontline services, the vast majority of which are regulated, statutory or contractually obliged.

"This leaves very limited scope to make the kind of cuts to spending that are required. That challenge has been exacerbated by decisions that had to be taken last year and which cannot be repeated.

"I have had to make difficult decisions to ensure DfI and its delivery partners (DVA, Translink, NI Water, and Waterways Ireland) do everything possible to reduce spending and balance their budgets, while at the same time meeting responsibilities to deliver multiple statutory functions and keep people safe."

A Northern Ireland Office spokesman said this year's budget allocation from the government had given the department an allocation of £523m, an increase of £2m above the 2022-23 budget.

"The decisions required to live within this budget continue to rest with the Northern Ireland departments," he said.

"We are clear that we hope NI parties will restore locally elected, accountable and effective devolved government as soon as possible, which is the best way to govern Northern Ireland," he added.

Stephen and Carol Baxter's local yacht club said the couple would be "much missed"

A man has been charged with murdering a married couple found dead at their seaside home, Essex Police said.

The bodies of Stephen Baxter, 61, and Carol Baxter, 64, were discovered at the property on Victory Road, West Mersea, near Colchester, on 9 April.

Luke D'Wit, 33, of Churchfields, West Mersea, has been charged with murder, possession of a Class A drug, and theft.

He is due to appear before Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Saturday.

Police said two other people arrested in connection with the incident, a man and a woman, have been released on bail.

Det Insp Lydia George, said: "This is a significant development in our investigation as we piece together the circumstances around the deaths of Carol and Stephen."

A family member found the pair deceased at their home in West Mersea

The couple's deaths were initially treated as "unexpected and not suspicious" but the force said it had changed direction after an "extensive investigation and toxicology analysis" conducted as part of during a post-mortem examination.

Tests showed the couple had ingested the synthetic opioid drug fentanyl.

A brief inquest hearing at the coroner's court in Chelmsford on Thursday heard Ms Baxter died from "combined fentanyl and promethazine toxicity with terminal bronchopneumonia".

A cause of death of "cardiomegaly and alcoholic liver disease with fentanyl intoxication" was recorded for Mr Baxter.

The inquest was adjourned pending the ongoing police investigation.

The couple were directors of Cazsplash, a firm which produces shower mats and bathroom accessories.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

It's been another busy day reporting on events in Sudan.

Today's news has been dominated by the evacuations of British and other foreign nationals from around the country.

Earlier this evening, the first UK evacuation flight landed in Cyprus, carrying some 40 people on board, including babies and elderly passengers. Two more flights are planned overnight. You can read more on this story here.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the government's management of the crisis as responding to evolving circumstances on the ground and said the next 24 hours are critical for getting Brits out.

Many African countries have also got their citizens out, but some Kenyan students told the BBC they received little help from their government.

Some residents in Khartoum are having to make the painful decision to stay or go.

Earlier, the World Health Organization warned of a "high risk of biological hazard" after a laboratory storing pathogens was seized.

At the moment, the shaky ceasefire seems to be holding, but there are concerns full-scale clashes between the Sudanese army and paramilitary Rapid Support Forces could resume at any moment.

Today's coverage was brought to you by our writers Adam Durbin, Wycliffe Muia, Gabriela Pomeroy, Laura Gozzi, Basillioh Rukanga, Natasha Booty, Lucy Fleming, Ece Goksedef, Malu Cursino, Tarik Habte, Aoife Walsh and our colleague from the video team Krystyna Gajda. The editors were Nathan Williams, Alexandra Fouché, Alys Davies, Sarah Fowler and Jamie Whitehead.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Footage shows the impact of attack on Odesa grain terminals

Russian missile attacks on Ukraine's Black Sea coast have destroyed 60,000 tonnes of grain and damaged storage infrastructure, officials say.

Agriculture Minister Mykola Solskyi said a "considerable amount" of export infrastructure was out of operation.

Russia has pulled out of a deal guaranteeing safe passage for exports across the Black Sea.

Later on Wednesday Russia's President Putin accused the West of using the grain deal as "political blackmail".

He added he would consider rejoining the international agreement, in place since last summer, only "if all principles under which Russia agreed to participate in the deal are fully taken into account and fulfilled".

His comments came shortly after Russia's defence ministry declared that from midnight on Wednesday night (21:00 GMT), any ships heading to Ukrainian ports would be viewed as potential carriers of military cargo and party to the conflict.

Some north-western and south-eastern areas of the Black Sea would be temporarily dangerous for shipping, it added.

Russia began targeting Ukraine's ports in the early hours of Tuesday within hours of its withdrawal from the grain deal.

More strikes followed overnight into Wednesday, targeting grain terminals and port infrastructure in Odesa and further down the Black Sea coast in Chornomorsk, two of the three ports that were included in the export deal.

At least 12 civilians, including a nine-year-old boy, were wounded during the attacks, which also caused damage to blocks of flats, military officials said.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said each missile strike was a blow not just to Ukraine, but to "everyone in the world striving for a normal and safe life".

France and Germany also condemned the attack. Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said that by covering Odesa with a hail of bombs, Russian President Vladimir Putin was robbing the world of any hope of Ukrainian grain and "hitting the world's poorest".

The infrastructure ministry published a series of photos showing damage to silos and other grain facilities. Officials said there had been damage to wharves and reservoirs, but it was international and Ukrainian traders that had suffered the most.

Russian war commentators said the damage proved that Kyiv was unable to shoot down the majority of Russian missiles and drones.

Officials said the co-ordinated attack involved Kalibr cruise missiles, Onyx supersonic and Kh-22 anti-ship missiles as well as kamikaze drones, fired from the Black Sea, Crimea and southern Russia. Although 37 Russian missiles and drones were shot down, a number did penetrate Ukrainian defences, they said.

Russia had called its initial attack on Odesa a "mass revenge strike" for an attack on the Russian-built bridge over the Kerch strait linking occupied Crimea to Russia.

Seaborne drones were blamed for Monday's bridge strike that knocked out a section of bridge and killed a Russian couple.

Explosions were reported for several hours from the ammunition depot in Crimea

Crimea saw further disruption on Wednesday. Some 2,200 residents were evacuated from four villages near a military training range after a fire triggered hours of explosions at a nearby ammunition depot.

Russian-installed officials also shut a 12-km (7.5-mile) section of the Tavrida motorway that links the cities of Simferopol and Sevastopol in southern Crimea to the bridge over the Kerch strait. Construction of the road by Russia's occupation authorities began in 2017.

A series of explosions were heard in the area from about 04:30 (01:30 GMT) on Wednesday.

Officials did not explain the cause of the fire near the city of Staryi Krim. But unconfirmed reports on social media spoke of three Ukrainian strikes.

Russia's appointee boss in Crimea, Sergei Aksyonov, said the cause of the fire at the military range was being investigated, but that no-one was hurt.

Australian mining giant BHP says it underpaid current and former workers across the country for 13 years.

Around 28,500 employees received less holiday than they were entitled to, a review conducted by the firm found.

Meanwhile, 400 workers did not get additional allowances "due to an error with the employment entity."

BHP says it has reported the incident to the authorities and the errors will cost the company up to $280m (£225m) before taxes.

Some affected employees had their leave incorrectly deducted on Australian public holidays, the company found. As a result they were owed a total of six days of leave on average.

"We are sorry to all current and former employees impacted by these errors. This is not good enough and falls short of the standards we expect at BHP," Geraldine Slattery, BHP's Australia president, said.

"We are working to rectify and remediate these issues, with interest, as quickly as possible," she added.

The firm also said it has commissioned a review of its payroll systems. It added that it would provide an update on its investigations during its full-year earnings call in August.

BHP, which is headquartered in Melbourne, is the world's biggest miner.

It has around 80,000 employees and contract workers at sites including the Escondida mine in Chile, which is the largest copper mine in the world.

As well as its shares being listed in Australia, the company was part of the UK's blue chip FTSE 100 index for around a decade.

In January 2022, the firm took its shares off the London market after coming under pressure from some investors to simplify its corporate structure.

Supporters of the move argued that it would make it easier for BHP to raise money, do deals and return money to shareholders.

Gary Lineker thought he had a "special agreement" with the BBC's director general to tweet about refugees and immigration, his agent has said.

In a piece in the New Statesman, Jon Holmes has described the crisis talks held with BBC bosses during last week's stand-off.

He said he warned them that suspending Lineker could be damaging, hours before a staff walk-out began.

The BBC apologised for the disruption and will review its social media rules.

On last week's row, Mr Holmes said: "Gary Lineker, with whom I've worked since 1980, had tweeted about the policy, reiterating his support for refugees.

"Gary takes a passionate interest in refugees and immigration and, as he saw it, had a special agreement with Tim Davie, the BBC's director general, to tweet about these issues."

He said social media guidelines for some BBC staff were "a bit vague", but said his client "assiduously avoids" appearing on political programmes.

Mr Holmes said Lineker asked him to "sort it out" when the row first erupted, and "initial contact with various BBC staff hadn't produced a result".

Lineker was then suspended over the tweet, in which he called the government's new asylum policy "immeasurably cruel" and said the language used around it was "not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

His suspension sparked a boycott by presenters which severely impacted football coverage for two days.

The BBC confirmed it had asked Lineker to step back from his TV duties in a statement last Friday.

"We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can't have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies," the statement read.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A meeting with BBC executives last Friday "didn't achieve much", Mr Holmes wrote. His warning that taking Lineker off air "would not be helpful" was not heeded, he added.

Lineker will return to screens this weekend after the row was resolved. An independent review of social media rules at the BBC was also announced.

BBC director general Tim Davie has said he is committed to looking at how the corporation's impartiality guidelines apply to freelance staff, acknowledging there are "grey areas".

After the agreement with Lineker was reached, Mr Davie apologised to licence fee payers and BBC employees, acknowledging "this has been a difficult period for staff".

He denied his deal to get the presenter back on air was a "climbdown", telling BBC News: "I've always said we needed to take proportionate action.

"For some people, by the way, we've taken too severe action... others think we're being too lenient."

Lineker won't return to Match of the Day this weekend as he was already scheduled to miss the show. Instead, he'll be presenting the BBC's live coverage of Manchester City v Burnley in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon.

Dame Melanie Dawes, the chief executive of broadcast regulator Ofcom, said the row goes "straight to the heart" of the BBC's wider reputation.

BBC executives "need to be weighing freedom of expression alongside the wide reputation they have for impartiality," she told the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee earlier this week.

Buckingham Palace has declined a request to return the remains of an Ethiopian prince who came to be buried at Windsor Castle in the 19th Century.

Prince Alemayehu was taken to the UK aged just seven and arrived an orphan after his mother died on the journey.

Queen Victoria then took an interest in him and arranged for his education - and ultimately his burial when he died aged just 18.

But his family wants his remains to be sent back to Ethiopia.

"We want his remains back as a family and as Ethiopians because that is not the country he was born in," one of the royal descendants Fasil Minas told the BBC.

"It was not right" for him to be buried in the UK, he added.

But in a statement sent to the BBC, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said removing his remains could affect others buried in the catacombs of St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.

"It is very unlikely that it would be possible to exhume the remains without disturbing the resting place of a substantial number of others in the vicinity," the palace said.

The statement added that the authorities at the chapel were sensitive to the need to honour Prince Alemayehu's memory, but that they also had "the responsibility to preserve the dignity of the departed".

It also said that in the past the Royal Household had "accommodated requests from Ethiopian delegations to visit" the chapel.

How Prince Alemayehu ended up in the UK at such a young age was the result of imperial action and the failure of diplomacy.

In 1862, in an effort to strengthen his empire, the prince's father Emperor Tewodros II sought an alliance with the UK, but his letters making his case did not get a response from Queen Victoria.

Angered by the silence and taking matters into his own hands, the emperor held some Europeans, among them the British consul, hostage. This precipitated a huge military expedition, involving some 13,000 British and Indian troops, to rescue them.

The force also included an official from the British Museum.

In April 1868 they laid siege to Tewodros' mountain fortress at Maqdala in northern Ethiopia, and in a matter of hours overwhelmed the defences.

The emperor decided he would rather take his own life than be a prisoner of the British, an action that turned him into a heroic figure among his people.

A 19th Century engraver imagined the scene when the soldiers discovered Emperor Tewodros II's body

After the battle, the British plundered thousands of cultural and religious artefacts. These included gold crowns, manuscripts, necklaces and dresses.

Historians say dozens of elephants and hundreds of mules were needed to cart away the treasures, which are today scattered across European museums and libraries, as well as in private collections.

The British also took away Prince Alemayehu and his mother, Empress Tiruwork Wube.

The British may have thought this was to keep them safe and prevent them being captured and possibly killed by Tewodros' enemies, who were near Maqdala, according to Andrew Heavens, whose book The Prince and the Plunder recounts Alemayehu's life.

Following his arrival in Britain in June 1868, the prince's predicament and his status as an orphan elicited the sympathy of Queen Victoria. The two met at the queen's holiday home on the Isle of Wight, just off England's south coast.

She agreed to support him financially and put him in the guardianship of Captain Tristram Charles Sawyer Speedy, the man who had accompanied the prince from Ethiopia.

They first lived together on the Isle of Wight and then Captain Speedy took him to other parts of the world, including India.

But it was decided that the prince should have a formal education.

He was sent to the British public school Rugby but he was not happy there. He later moved to the Royal Military College in Sandhurst where he was subjected to bullying.

The prince had a "hankering" to return home, correspondence quoted by Heavens says, but that idea was swiftly quashed.

"I feel for him as if I knew him. He was dislocated from Ethiopia, from Africa, from the land of black people and remained there as if he had no home," Ethiopian royal descendent Abebech Kasa told the BBC.

Eventually, Alemayehu ended up being tutored in a private home in Leeds. But he became ill, possibly with pneumonia, and at one point refused treatment thinking he had been poisoned.

After a decade in exile the prince died in 1879 at the age of just 18.

His illness had become the subject of articles in the national press and Queen Victoria wrote in her diary of her sadness at his death.

"Very grieved and shocked to hear by telegram, that good Alemayehu had passed away this morning. It is too sad! All alone, in a strange country, without a single person or relative, belonging to him," she said.

"His was no happy life, full of difficulties of every kind, and was so sensitive, thinking that people stared at him on account of his colour... Everyone is very sorry."

She then arranged for his burial at Windsor Castle.

There are several photographs of Prince Alemayehu including this where he is wearing a hat with the name of the ship, HMS Urgent

Demands that the body should return are not new.

In 2007 the country's then-President Girma Wolde-Giorgis sent a formal request to Queen Elizabeth II for the body to be sent back, but those efforts proved fruitless.

"We want him back. We don't want him to remain in a foreign country," Ms Abebech said.

"He had a sad life. When I think of him I cry. If they agree to return his remains I would think of it as if he came home alive."

She had hoped that she would get a positive response from newly crowned King Charles III.

"Restitution is used as a way to bring reconciliation, to recognise what was wrong in the past," says Professor Alula Pankhurst, a specialist in British-Ethiopian relations.

He believes the return of the body would be "a way for Britain to rethink its past. It's a reflection and coming to terms with an imperial past."

Watch more on this story:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Family calls for return of Ethiopian prince's body from UK

The United States has designated journalist Evan Gershkovich as being "wrongfully detained" by Russia and called for his immediate release.

Mr Gershkovich, an experienced Russia reporter, was arrested last month in the city of Yekaterinburg while working for the Wall Street Journal (WSJ).

He has since been formally charged with spying, but the WSJ denies this.

It is the first time Moscow has accused a US journalist of espionage since the Soviet era.

The "wrongfully detained" designation in the US means the case will now be transferred to the office of the Special Envoy for Hostage Affairs. This will raise the profile of the case and allow the government to allocate more resources to securing his release.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken "made a determination that Evan Gershkovich is wrongfully detained by Russia", state department spokesman Vedant Patel said.

He called for the "immediate release" of Mr Gershkovich and condemned "the Kremlin's continued repression of independent voices in Russia, and its ongoing war against the truth."

The WSJ said: "The distinction will unlock additional resources and attention at the highest levels of the US government in securing his release."

"We are doing everything in our power to support Evan and his family," it added.

Russia has not granted US consular officials access to Mr Gershkovich, which is in violation of international law, Mr Patel told reporters earlier on Monday.

Last week the Russian foreign ministry said the issue of consular access was being resolved but added that the "fuss in the US about this case, which was aimed at pressurising the Russian authorities... was hopeless and senseless".

Mr Gershkovich, 31, is well known among foreign correspondents in Moscow. BBC Russia Editor Steve Rosenberg describes him as an excellent reporter and a highly principled journalist.

The WSJ said its reporter had dropped out of contact with his editors on 28 March while in Yekaterinberg.

Russia's FSB security service said it had halted "illegal activities" by detaining the journalist.

Press freedom watchdog Reporters Without Borders said he had gone to Yekaterinburg to cover Russian mercenary group Wagner, which has taken part in some of the heaviest fighting in eastern Ukraine.

According to a report by the James Foley Legacy Foundation, which advocates for the freedom of Americans being held hostage abroad, at least 65 Americans were being unfairly detained abroad in 2022.

The foundation is named after a US journalist abducted in Syria and killed by the Islamic State group in 2014.

Wagner fighters managed to take control over Rostov-on-Don - a Russian city - during their short-lived mutiny

Wagner mercenary group head Yevgeniy Prigozhin has rejected an offer to his fighters to serve as a unit in Russia's army, President Vladimir Putin says.

He told Kommersant newspaper that many group commanders had backed the plan to be led by a senior Wagner figure during recent talks in Moscow.

He said Prigozhin's reply was "the guys do not agree with this decision".

The talks were held just days after Wagner's aborted mutiny on 23-24 June that challenged Mr Putin's authority.

Under the deal that ended the short-lived rebellion, the mercenaries were told they could join the regular Russian army or head to Belarus, a close ally of Russia.

Wagner has fought some of the bloodiest battles since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.

However, the US military now assesses that the group is no longer "participating in any significant capacity in support of combat operations in Ukraine".

The comments were made on Thursday by Pentagon spokesman Pat Ryder, who also said that "the majority" of Wagner fighters were believed to still be in areas of Russian-occupied Ukraine.

In a separate development, Belarus' defence ministry said on Friday that Wagner fighters were now acting as military instructors for the country's territorial defence forces.

The ministry said the fighters were training Belarusian forces "in a number of military disciplines" near the town of Osipovichy, about 85km (53 miles) south-east of the capital Minsk.

In Thursday's interview with Kommersant business daily, President Putin said that 35 Wagner commanders, including Prigozhin, had been present at the Kremlin meeting on 29 June.

Mr Putin said he had offered them several "employment options", including continued service under the command of a senior Wagner commander known by his nom de guerre Sedoi - Grey Hair.

"Many [Wagner fighters] were nodding when I was saying this," Mr Putin said.

"And Prigozhin, who was sitting in front and didn't see all this, said after listening: 'No, the guys do not agree with this decision,'" the president added.

He also said that "Wagner does not exist" when asked whether the group would be preserved as a fighting unit. "There is no law on private military organisations. It just doesn't exist."

This "difficult issue" of how to legalise Wagner fighters should be discussed in parliament, Mr Putin suggested.

The Kremlin appears to want to differentiate between the Wagner chief and regular Wagner fighters, driving a wedge between them, says the BBC's Russia editor Steve Rosenberg in Moscow.

He adds that this would explain the attempts in Russia's state media to discredit Prigozhin.

The current whereabouts of Prigozhin, a former Putin loyalist, are unknown.

Also on Thursday, US President Joe Biden said Prigozhin should be careful of poisoning following the mutiny.

"God only knows what he's likely to do. We're not even sure where he is and what relationship he has [with Mr Putin]. If I were he, I'd be careful what I ate. I'd keep my eye on my menu," Mr Biden said.

Speaking after a summit with Nordic leaders in Helsinki, he also said there was no possibility of Mr Putin winning the war in Ukraine.

"He's already lost that war," the president said.

Mr Biden suggested that the Russian president would eventually "decide it's not in the interest of Russia, economically, politically or otherwise to continue this war. But I can't predict exactly how that happens."

He also expressed the "hope and expectation" that Ukraine would make enough progress in its current counter-offensive for there to be a negotiated peace settlement.

But more than a month into the long-planned Ukrainian counter-offensive, some Ukrainians and their allies are expressing concerns over the slow progress of Kyiv's troops.

Others believe that Russia's defences will eventually shatter, allowing Ukraine to seize strategically significant territory and to advance towards Crimea, Ukraine's southern peninsula annexed by Russia in 2014.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The day Wagner chief went rogue... in 96 seconds

Ukraine has long asked Western allies to provide more military assistance to help it fight back against the Russian invasion.

Although it did not get a solid timeframe for Nato membership at this week's summit in Lithuania, it did receive from G7 members a long-term security framework to help guard against Russian aggression.

On Thursday, Ukrainian army commander Oleksandr Tarnavskyi told US broadcaster CNN that the military had received the first consignment of cluster munitions promised by the US in a controversial move.

He stressed that they would make a difference to Ukraine's fortunes on the front line. "We just got them, we haven't used them yet, but they can radically change [the battlefield]," Mr Tarnavskyi said.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

President Biden told reporters "they can't keep me out"

US President Joe Biden has said he still plans to visit Northern Ireland despite MI5's decision to increase the terrorism threat level to "severe".

The move follows a rise in dissident republican activity, including a recent gun attack on a top police officer.

Mr Biden was asked by reporters on Tuesday if it would affect his upcoming visit to mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.

"No. They can't keep me out," he said.

President Biden has been a vocal supporter of the peace deal signed on 10 April 1998, which was designed to bring an end to three decades of conflict in Northern Ireland.

Following a meeting with UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in March, Mr Biden said he intended to visit both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as part of the anniversary celebrations.

Full details of Mr Biden's visit are yet to be confirmed, but the White House has said the increased threat level "does not have any potential implications for future travel".

Former US President Bill Clinton, ex-British Prime Minister Tony Blair and former Taoiseach (Irish PM) Bertie Ahern are among those expected to visit Northern Ireland for commemorative events.

Former PM, Tony Blair, and then taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern are also due to visit

MI5, rather than the PSNI or the government, is responsible for setting the Northern Ireland terrorism threat level, which it has been publishing since 2010.

The move reverses a downgrade in Northern Ireland's terror threat level last March - its first change for 12 years.

On Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said the rise in the threat level was "disappointing".

However, Mr Raab said it is worth nothing that the number of dissident republican attacks has been in significant decline since its peak in 2009 and 2010.

He was responding to a question from DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson who asked for assurance the government would provide the PSNI and the security services with the resources they need to counter the threat.

MI5, the UK's Security Service, is believed to review the threat level every six months.

The terrorism threat level remains substantial in the rest of the UK, meaning an attack is a strong possibility.

In a written statement to MPs, Mr Heaton-Harris said: "The public should remain vigilant, but not be alarmed, and continue to report any concerns they have to the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI)."

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak met with Joe Biden in California earlier this month and invited him to Northern Ireland for Good Friday Agreement anniversary events

Deputy Chief Constable Mark Hamilton said dissident republicans were focused on attacking police officers, not the public.

"You should be worried for your police service," he said.

"I wouldn't encourage people to be hugely concerned about their own safety broader than that."

In February Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was shot several times by two gunmen as he was putting footballs into his car boot having been coaching a youth training session in Omagh.

On Tuesday, police said the 48-year-old father-of-one had been moved out of intensive care for the first time but remained in a serious condition.

Det Ch Insp John Caldwell was moved out of intensive care for the first time on Tuesday but remains in a serious condition

The attack on him was admitted by the New IRA, the biggest and most active group dissident group, whose main areas of operations are in Londonderry and County Tyrone.

The group was formed in 2012 and previous security assessments estimated it had about 500 supporters, some 100 of whom are prepared to commit acts of terrorism.

Although tensions within loyalist groups have led to attacks in parts of County Down in the past few days, the change to the threat level is not related to this flare up.

Several loyalist paramilitary groups - the largest being the Ulster Volunteer Force and the Ulster Defence Association - are active in Northern Ireland but are not considered a threat to national security and therefore are not a factor in MI5's assessment.

The Covid inquiry continues today with appearances from experts in public health.

This morning the former chief medical officer for Scotland, Dr Catharine Calderwood, faces questions from the inquiry.

She resigned during the pandemic after she was found to have breached lockdown travel restrictions by visiting a second home.

We’ll also hear from experts in public health and infectious disease epidemiology.

Our coverage today won’t feature any text updates, but you can watch a stream of proceedings at the inquiry by clicking play above.

Concerns are growing about Chinese influence on academic campuses around the world

Rishi Sunak has backtracked on a pledge to shut down 30 Chinese state-sponsored Confucius Institutes across the UK.

The prime minister pledged to close the cultural schools, which are accused of spreading propaganda and spying on students, during his bid to become Conservative leader last year.

On Wednesday, the government announced it would be "disproportionate" to ban the institutes.

Confucius Institutes, which teach Chinese language and culture, came under fire after critics and charities accused the centres of being used by the Chinese government to spread propaganda and interfere with free speech on campuses.

Sir Iain, the former Conservative party leader, said the schools were "nothing to do with language".

"They are there to spy on particularly on Chinese students and particularly Hong Kong students," he said.

The retreat, first reported by TalkTV, has been criticised by some Tory backbenchers, with former prime minister Liz Truss urging him to deliver on the language he used during last summer's contest.

In his unsuccessful leadership campaign, Mr Sunak had promised to close all 30 of the institutes in Britain, declaring China "the biggest-long term threat to Britain".

But since becoming prime minister he adopted less hard-line language. In March, the updated UK integrated review on foreign and defence policy described China as representing an "epoch-defining and systemic challenge" rather than a "threat".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Rishi Sunak This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ms Truss called on her successor to return to branding China as a "threat" to UK security during a visit to Taiwan.

Ms Truss made a speech in Taipei City on Wednesday, making her the first former prime minister to visit Taiwan since Margaret Thatcher.

In it she said Mr Sunak's approach to China was "right" during his leadership, and the UK "needs to see those policies enacted urgently".

She called on the UK government to support Taiwan joining the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) trade agreement - and for it to block China from joining.

A Downing Street spokesman said: "We recognise concerns about overseas interference in our higher education sector, including through Confucius Institutes, and regularly assess the risks facing academia.

"We are taking action to remove any government funding from Confucius Institutes in the UK, but currently judge that it would be disproportionate to ban them.

"Like any international body operating in the UK, Confucius Institutes need to operate transparently and within the law, and with a full commitment to our values of openness and freedom of expression."

Mr Sunak said he had not "seen the details" of Ms Truss's speech, but said the UK's approach to Taiwan is "long-standing and it hasn't changed".

He said: "We do not believe in any change in the status quo by force or coercion. And we will continue to work with our allies in making sure that that's what happens."

The UK, like most other countries, does not recognise Taiwan, nor maintain formal diplomatic relations with the island. The UK does support Taiwan's participation in international organisations as an observer.

The government's official position is the dispute between Taiwan and China should be resolved "through dialogue, in line with the views of the people on both sides of the Taiwan Strait".

Gwent Police is being investigated by Wiltshire police after phone messages from an ex-officer suggested a "toxic culture"

The Welsh secretary has said he is "appalled" following fresh allegations of misconduct within a police force.

Conservative MP David TC Davies, said the activities reported by the Sunday Times, if proved, are "unacceptable".

The report revealed new findings of misogyny, racism, homophobia and corruption within Gwent Police, including among serving officers.

It comes after an initial probe was sparked by messages found on the phone of officer Ricky Jones after his death.

Speaking on Sunday's BBC Politics Wales programme, Mr Davies, MP for Monmouthshire and a former police officer, said: "As somebody who spent nine years serving as a police officer I'm absolutely appalled by it. I didn't see behaviour like that myself, although I was in a different force.

"But I know [Chief Constable] Pam Kelly well, and I know that she will be absolutely appalled by the alleged behaviour and she will be fully investigating. In fact she's confirmed that she's doing so and rightly so."

David TC Davies says he is "appalled" over the allegations against some Gwent Police officers

Mr Davies added that "there are individuals letting the force down" and "the majority of police officers do a very good job in difficult circumstances, and are as angry as we are".

The Sunday Times report revealed messages including jokes between serving and retired officers about sexual predator Jimmy Savile; a video of a woman stripping; leaked nude images; and an officer saying a colleague carried a "sex kit" in the boot of his car.

In one message, a retired officer reportedly referred to a female officer and said: "I actually got her to lift her skirt in Cardiff once."

Ruth Jones, Labour MP for Newport West, said the situation "continued to appal".

She added: "We need to be able to trust officers to police fairly and without discrimination, and at the moment we're in real danger of trust being irrevocably lost between the public and police force."

Ms Jones added that the force had "serious questions to answer" and supported calls for a national inquiry.

"We need to leave no stone left unturned," she said.

Newport West MP Ruth Jones says Gwent Police "cannot afford to let the public trust be broken in this way".

Chief Constable Pam Kelly said: "The initial complaint raised by the Jones family did not include the conduct matters now emerging and, as new issues come to light, we will continue to take swift and robust action."

She said the force "will not tolerate" such behaviour, adding: "We continue to be horrified by the comments and material shared by retired officers and a small number of serving officers.

"These behaviours and attitudes have no place in Gwent Police and we will continue our ongoing work with our colleagues to set out clear expectations around the standards that both we and the public expect."

The Police Federation of Wales and England admitted the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IPOC) investigation could be "horrendously slow".

But Nicky Ryan, the federation's Welsh lead told Radio Wales Breakfast: "It must be done expeditiously. That's the only way the public's confidence can be restored."

She added: "From our point of view, we want any individuals found responsible out of the force as much as anyone else."

Messages found on the phone of dead Gwent Police officer Ricky Jones have sparked an investigation into the force

The Welsh government has previously said it would consider a national inquiry into the allegations.

A Home Office spokesperson said: "Police forces must root out officers and staff who do not meet acceptable standards of behaviour to restore the public's trust, which has been shattered by recent high-profile events.

"The Home Office plays an active role in pushing for changes, including by establishing the Angiolini Inquiry [following the murder of Sarah Everard in London] which is looking at issues around police culture and the safety of women, as well as announcing a targeted review of police dismissals to ensure the system can remove officers who are not fit to serve."

Up to quarter of a million operations and appointments could be postponed due to next week's junior doctors' strike, the NHS Confederation warns.

Patients are likely to see more of an impact because the four-day walkout comes after the Easter weekend, said Dr Layla McCay, director of policy at the health bosses' confederation.

Health bosses "are more concerned about this than they have been about any other strike", she said.

The walkout is due to start on Tuesday.

Hospital bosses have said they cannot guarantee patients will be safe as managers struggle to arrange staffing during the strike, which will affect both emergency and planned care.

The British Medical Association (BMA) says it will not exempt any services but that there are plans to protect patients, which could involve pulling junior doctors off the picket line if individual hospitals report lives are in immediate danger.

It is calling for a 35% pay rise to make up for 15 years of below-inflation wage rises.

Dr McCay told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "In the last junior doctors' strike, we saw about 175,000 appointments and operations having to be postponed.

"In terms of the disruption that we're anticipating this time, we reckon it could be up to about a quarter of a million so that is a huge amount of impact for patients up and down the country.

The walkout will be from 07:00 BST on Tuesday to 07:00 BST on Saturday. During last month's strike, hospitals drafted in consultants to provide cover but it is estimated a quarter of them are on leave due to the Easter holidays.

"With the junior doctors out for the four days, but those four days being bookmarked either side by the Easter weekend and another weekend, the disruption is going to go on for 10 or 11 days," said Dr McCay.

"What we expect to see is really significant diminished capacity within the health service."

On health leaders' fears about the strikes, she added: "They think the impact is going to be so significant that this one is likely to have impact on patient safety, and that is a huge concern for every healthcare leader."

Postponements are likely so that hospitals can focus on the most urgent and life-threatening cases, said Dr McCay.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay has been urged to meet union representatives over the bank holiday weekend to try to resolve the issue.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, co-director of the junior doctors' committee at the BMA, said they want to be sure Mr Barclay "is serious about pay erosion" - but added he is yet to put a credible offer on the table.

"All we're asking for is a credible offer that shows us he's serious, that we can start a path of negotiations to try to address the real-terms pay cut," he said.

The Department of Health and Social Care has said the BMA has to call off the strike for any negotiations to take place.

It says the government is working with NHS England to put contingency plans in place to protect patient safety during the strike.

"The NHS will prioritise resources to protect emergency treatment, critical care, maternity and neonatal care, and trauma," a spokesman said.

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Security workers at Heathrow airport have called off the first two days of strike action after receiving an improved pay offer.

More than 2,000 staff said they will postpone industrial action on 24 and 25 June.

Unite, the union, said that its members will vote on the latest pay deal over the coming days.

However, if that is rejected, the remaining 29 days of strikes will go ahead as planned.

Last week, Heathrow security officers announced they would walk out after turning down a pay offer of 10.1%, which they said was "below inflation".

The most common measure of inflation, the CPI index, is has fallen from more than 10% to 8.7%. But the RPI index, another measure of inflation stood at 11.4% in the year to April.

The strikes will affect Terminals 3 and 5, and have an impact on airport crew checks. The action could spark queues at security.

The walkouts coincide with busy travel periods including the summer holiday period for schools across the UK.

They also include dates for the Eid festival (28, 29 and 30 June) and the August bank holiday (24, 25, 26 and 27 August).

Unite said it had called off the initial two days of strikes as a "gesture of goodwill" after "extensive talks" between workers and management.

Under the new pay deal, workers will receive a 10% pay increase backdated to 1 January, which will begin in July's payslip.

It will then rise to an 11.5% increase from October.

Heathrow further offered a guarantee of an inflation-linked pay increase for 2024, rising by a minimum of 4%.

A spokesperson for the airport said: "We encourage them to accept the deal so that everyone can have certainty and the backdated pay increase that so many have been waiting for."

Unite members will be balloted between 13 and 23 June.

If further strikes were to go ahead, the airport does not anticipate any flight cancellations.

Fighting in the recently retaken areas was at close quarters

Two weeks since the counter-offensive began, Ukraine is making modest but steady progress in three areas of attack across the 1,000km (620 mile) front line.

Troops are launching probing attacks, while most of Ukraine's forces are being held in reserve, waiting for a big enough opening in Russian defences to launch a main attack and try to recapture land in the south of the country.

The fighting has been hard, with heavy casualties on both sides, and opposing armies claiming the upper hand. Ukraine's advance in southern Donetsk has stuttered, but continues.

The BBC joined the 68th Jaeger Brigade as its combat forces sought to expand their control eastward of the recently regained village of Blahodatne.

In their sights were a series of trenches protecting Russian forces on nearby hilltops.

The men of a specialised drone unit grab cameras, roll cables and load a pickup truck with tins of ammunition, crates of smoke grenades and armour-piercing rounds.

Aside from them, there's little sign of life in Blahodatne. Down a lane, the wreckage of two heavily armoured American-made MRAP vehicles lie stranded, one a burnt-out shell. There are more of these mine-resistant vehicles disabled in the fields beyond.

"Steer clear of those, the Russians keep hitting them," we are warned. Russia has made much of the losses of Western-donated tanks and vehicles, even as Vladimir Putin admitted it has lost dozens of tanks since the counter-offensive began on 5 June.

Troops are attacking at three points: Bakhmut, where they are advancing north and south of the city, which remains firmly under Russian control; south of Zaporizhzhia; and in southern Donetsk, where a number of villages have been taken back.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Yaroslav starts talking about the frequency of Russian fire and is interrupted by a blast

Blahodatne is one of those. Another salvo comes in and the soldiers take cover in the cellar of a ruined house.

A dirt floor passageway is lit with oil lamps, casting soft yellow light down its length to a stone and iron stove with three sturdy pots atop. Towels hang from a washing line. A rough wooden door opens and, in a headscarf, Nina Fedorivna emerges.

She has been living down here for the past year. Russian soldiers came by only once, she says.

She never, for a second, considered leaving the village.

The artillery barrage over, we leave through a lane at the end of her house. Three Russian corpses lie in a ditch, just beyond Nina Fedorivna's vegetable patch. A truck with the Z symbol, which was used by Russian forces, sits nearby riddled with bullet and shrapnel holes. The fighting here was at close quarters.

Throughout the village roses are in bloom - but the smell of corpses catches the back of your throat.

There's no time to delay - the soldiers have an air of concentration and purpose. They are clearly preparing for something.

They head east, leaving Blahodatne behind. The two-car convoy is well spaced in case of Russian attack. The fields around are heavily mined, poles with red-and-white ribbon mark cleared ground.

As we get close to another abandoned American armoured vehicle, there's an explosion, just missing the wreckage. It is likely from a Russian drone.

I was in this area back in March. Then, the front lines had barely moved a few metres in months. Russia was using far more artillery than Ukrainian forces, who mainly hunkered down in trenches waiting for the barrages to end. At the time, a commander told me they were conserving their shells for the counter-offensive. On this visit, Ukrainian guns didn't stop for the two days I was with the brigade.

The cars speed on to a network of trenches hidden in a line of trees. There, company commander, Senior Sergeant Andrii Onistrat, 49, runs his men through their next mission - a Ukrainian assault is planned for the next day on the Russian trenches, 3km (1.8 miles) away at the foot of the low hills to the south.

In their attempt to widen the front, sections of the 68th Brigade will attack from the countryside east of Blahodatne and Makarivka, across minefields and directly in the line of Russian fire.

Sgt Onistrat runs through the drone team's communication protocols and targets. The section loses as many as five drones a day. Tanned and with a brilliant white grin, he looks at his grim-faced men and gives one final order: "Smile - why are you so serious? We are winning the war."

Smile, why are you so serious? We are winning the war

Twenty-four hours later, most of the same men are in a sweltering dugout. The attack is under way.

From their surveillance cameras I can see two armoured vehicles slowly making their way through the minefield. Drone after drone is sent above the Russian positions dropping smoke grenades, creating a smoke screen along the Russian-occupied trenches to allow vehicles to advance and confuse enemy anti-tank weapons. As I watch, Ukrainian shells repeatedly strike the treeline.

Yuri, a young soldier, runs in and out of the dugout, changing drone batteries and sending them into flight, while voices bark orders and target positions across the radios. Mosquitoes and horseflies are feasting on the men, but still "Frisbee", from western Ukraine, has taken his shirt off because of the heat.

Their enemy isn't holding back. As I stand outside, a Russian strike lands close enough to throw dirt into the trench. Standing lookout in wrap-around shades and without body armour is Zheka.

Another Russian shell lands close and I hit the ground. I look up and Zheka hasn't flinched. He shouts in English - expletives directed at the Russians - and gives two middle fingers to the air. Salvoes of Grad rockets rain down on Ukrainian positions.

Ukrainian forces launch drones to drop smoke grenades near the Russian positions

More broadly, the counter-offensive is made more difficult because of the lack of Ukrainian air power. The West has promised F-16 fighter planes, but they will not arrive until later this year.

Back outside in the trenches, another soldier, Yaroslav, explains: "Russian helicopters, Russians jets fire at every area, every day". He's interrupted as another strike lands nearby. "Go to the shelter, good luck," he says.

When, on 3 June, President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that Ukraine was ready for the counter-offensive, he mentioned Russian air superiority and warned many Ukrainian lives would be lost. And so it has been for the 68th Brigade.

Sgt Onistrat says this weighs heavily on him. "The severity of the day depends solely on one thing - the number of people we lose. The last week has been extremely difficult. We have lost a large number of people."

On his head he wears a ballistic helmet, a size too small. I mention it and he starts to weep. "It was my son's," he says.

Ostap Onistrat, 21, was killed in a drone strike not far from where we speak, a couple of days before the counter-offensive began. He'd been in the army a year.

His father is still in the throes of grief. "A kamikaze drone flew to them and in fact hit him directly. It was impossible to recognise him. He was buried in a closed coffin," Sgt Onistrat says.

Sgt Onistrat lost his son Ostap (right) just days before the counter-offensive began

How does he go on, I ask. "I made a commitment. You know, we're here to win. Not to sit back, not to escape. I just think that every person here must do their job professionally. There is nothing heroic in it. I just have to finish this job."

When I ask if he's looking for revenge, he replies firmly: "Revenge is a sin.

"My task is to bring this story to an end. I want to take part in the victory parade. I want us to win, and I want to lose fewer people."

We leave the front, the offensive still under way. Later, I received a message telling me they'd taken the Russian positions.

Returning to the command post, Sgt Onistrat's car escorting us swerves and comes to a sudden stop. He, along with others, quickly exits the vehicle. I wonder if we too need to take cover.

Then I see what's caught their attention - cherry trees.

Like kids, they laugh carefree for a moment as they grab handfuls of the dark red fruit from the shady branches, as artillery and mortar fire continues to hammer Russian positions on the hillside.

It was delivered by Suella Braverman, but this was unmistakeably Rishi Sunak's own policy.

The prime minister has made "passing new laws to stop the small boats" one of his five priorities.

He was conspicuously seated behind his home secretary, visible in the TV coverage, nodding, smiling and voicing his assent at key points as she outlined the new legislation.

Delivering the new law is part of his plan to try to turn around the Conservatives' flagging poll ratings before the next election.

Ms Braverman spoke of her approach being "supported by the British people" and she made a point of warning of 100 million people "who could qualify for protection under our current laws... they are coming here" aiming to tap into fears about growing numbers of arrivals.

So the legislation may be, on the face of it, about stopping boats, it's also squarely aimed at galvanising political support at home.

The debate was a divisive one, short on any details about the how this new policy is actually going to work.

One after another, opposition MPs stood up to criticise the plan as a policy "that depends on dehumanising some of the most vulnerable people on earth", one based on "xenophobia and racism" and one that may breach the UK's international legal obligations.

Suella Braverman appeared content to portray herself as someone prepared to take robust action. It was, she said, "irresponsible to suggest someone who wants to take a firm line on our borders is racist".

One after another Conservative MPs rose to praise her approach as "excellent".

But she couldn't say whether the legislation in fact complies with human rights law, where holding centres will be built, what 'safe' countries refugees could be deported to, or what routes will be opened for people to come legally to the UK.

In a letter to MPs about the bill, Ms Braverman said there was a "more than 50% chance" that the legislation was not compatible with international law, and specifically the UK's obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights.

It's pretty rare for the government to publish legislation that it knows may breach international law. So why is it pressing ahead? Well, the answer is down to how this will all play with audiences in the UK.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Government must act with determination and compassion - Suella Braverman

The debate clearly illustrates how Rishi Sunak and Suella Braverman hope to try to corner Labour.

Their aim is to paint Labour as weak when it comes to stopping boats. Labour's Yvette Cooper launched into her attack on the new legislation saying it does little different to that passed by Priti Patel a year ago and that hasn't solved the problem, rather made it worse.

Labour wants to portray the government as ineffective. Its plan is to call for more serious cross-border police action and says the government is stirring up this issue to "have someone else to blame."

The prepared retort from Ms Braverman was that Labour's leader Sir Keir Starmer "doesn't want to stop the boats".

The issue didn't figure in his "missions" for his leadership, she said, seeking to draw a contrast with Mr Sunak.

The new policy is already being put to work to try to frame people's views of the government and its opponents.

So already in this first debate you could see how the government hopes to exploit the issue politically, using it to try to frame people's views of Mr Sunak and his opponents.

Former Scottish health secretary Jeane Freeman has given evidence to the UK Covid inquiry

There was no plan which could have adequately prepared Scotland for the coronavirus pandemic, former health secretary Jeane Freeman has said.

She told the UK Covid Inquiry that health infrastructure was not equipped to handle the crisis and that PPE supplies came close to running out.

The ex-minister also said some guidance on flu outbreaks had not been acted upon by the time the pandemic began.

The inquiry will hear from former first minister Nicola Sturgeon on Thursday.

Counsel to the inquiry, Kate Blackwell KC, pointed to a 2021 Audit Scotland report that found the government was inadequately prepared for the crisis and had failed to implemented recommendations from three pandemic planning exercises in 2015, 2016 and 2018.

Ms Freeman, who was the Scottish health secretary from 2018 to 2021, said: "There were certainly areas where Scotland could have been better prepared in terms of the underlying structure and delivery of all those recommendations.

"But Scotland, like other countries throughout the world, was dealing with a virus which was unknown and new.

"So in that sense, I don't believe there is a plan that would have been possible that would have been able, in and of itself, to cope with Covid-19."

The UK Covid inquiry is currently examining preparedness for the pandemic

The Audit Scotland report found that Scotland's PPE stockpile was not sufficient to meet the demands of the NHS in early 2020.

The inquiry heard that the issue of stockpiling, providing and fit testing PPE had been raised in three consecutive exercises, but that the Scottish government had not acted on recommendations.

Ms Freeman – whose video-link testimony was repeatedly interrupted due to a poor internet connection – said the country had not run out of PPE, but there had "clearly" been persistent issues with distributing equipment to frontline staff.

"There was sufficient PPE at the start of the pandemic," she told the inquiry.

"Obviously there were serious challenges throughout that and although it's fair to say we came close on some occasions, we did not run out of PPE in Scotland."

Ms Freeman said there was no "specific plan" to respond to any other pathogen than influenza in Scotland.

"There was certainly an understanding of different pathogens, but Covid-19 was a novel virus so its exact characteristics and how it would perform and transmit was unknown internationally and so information and clinical assessment of that was being updated regularly," she told the inquiry.

Ms Freeman said that Covid-19 has exacerbated existing operational issues in Scottish NHS - but added the health service performance was also affected by UK government spending decisions.

She said Downing Street's austerity policies had a direct impact on the Scottish government, which is unable to borrow money or overspend its budget.

"Notwithstanding that the health budget and the budget for social care had increased year on year but not necessarily increased sufficiently to meet with additional demands but also with other cost pressures around pharmacy, inflation and so on."

The inquiry is also due to hear from Scotland's former chief medical officer, Dr Catherine Calderwood

It came after a senior civil servant said planning for a potential no-deal Brexit had hampered Scotland's preparation for a pandemic.

The inquiry heard that work to enact recommendations made as a result of national resilience exercises, Silver Swan in 2015 and Cygnus in 2016, remained incomplete.

Gillian Russell, the Scottish government's director for safer communities from 2015 to 2020 and the current health workforce director, said resilience work was put on hold in October 2018 for Operation Yellowhammer – the UK government code name for preparations to deal with a chaotic no-deal exit from the EU.

She described the Brexit planning as "very, very significantly challenging" for civil servants.

Ms Russell told the inquiry: "A decision was taken that priority should be given to working through how we would mitigate the very significant risks that immediately crystallised on a no-deal Brexit."

She said some work, including around communication strategies and resilience partnerships was completed on schedule, but that much of it was side-tracked due to Brexit planning.

"That took up a huge amount of strategic capacity across many parts of Scottish government, including the resilience co-ordination of a lot of that work," the civil servant said.

The inquiry also heard that the Scottish government Pandemic Flu Preparedness Board, set up in 2017, had met every two months until November 2018.

However, meetings became "much more sporadic" due to Yellowhammer, Ms Russell said. The board did not meet between November 2018 and June 2019, with only one further meeting taking place before the Covid crisis hit the UK in early 2020.

On Tuesday, former UK health secretary Matt Hancock told the inquiry that medicines for intensive care were "within hours" of running out at the peak of the pandemic - but said the only reason they did not run out was because of work done in 2019 in preparation for a no-deal Brexit.

Mr Hancock said civil service staff were moved off pandemic preparedness and onto Brexit but insisted, as a result, they "we were better prepared in terms of supply chains".

He added: "Who knows the overall impact and which of those balances in the scales is greater? I'm afraid it's impossible to know."

The inquiry was also scheduled to hear from Dr Catherine Calderwood, the country's former chief medical officer, on Wednesday.

But Dr Calderwood, who quit after breaking her own Covid lockdown rules, will now give evidence on another day.

The inquiry declined to provide an explanation for the late rearrangement but its agenda says that all timings for hearings are provisional and subject to change.

Nicola Sturgeon and John Swinney are expected to appear in hearings on Thursday.

The inquiry, led by Baroness Heather Hallett, is investigating the UK's response to the pandemic.

It will also look into the impact of the crisis and the lessons that can be learned for future virus outbreaks, with public hearings expected to continue until 2026.

A separate Scottish inquiry was delayed after its original chairwoman resigned for personal reasons and four members of the inquiry's legal team stood down.

The first module of the inquiry, which is set to run until mid-July, is looking at the UK's preparedness for pandemics in the time before Covid struck.

Last updated on .From the section Women's World Cup

Republic of Ireland manager Vera Pauw says her side have shown "they are ready for this level" after a narrow 1-0 defeat by co-hosts Australia on their World Cup debut in Sydney.

Steph Catley scored a second-half penalty for the Matildas, who were frustrated by the solid Irish defence.

The underdogs had a number of chances to equalise in the closing stages but the hosts held on.

"We've shown we can play against the best teams in the world," said Pauw.

In a goalless first half, the Republic frustrated Australia, who were without captain Sam Kerr with a calf injury sustained on the day before the game.

Catley's penalty came after Marissa Sheva pushed Hayley Raso in the area on 52 minutes and the stand-in captain fired an unstoppable penalty into the top corner.

The Republic rallied after the goal and were unfortunate not to score what would have been a famous equaliser with Megan Connolly, Katie McCabe and Louise Quinn all going close.

"It was a game in which a point could have gone our way," Pauw added.

"I'm really proud. Our game plan worked and they couldn't do what they wanted to do.

"Our tactical approach worked well also, and until the last second we put them under pressure. I'm really proud."

'We do not fear anyone'

After falling to defeat on their debut, the Republic will face Olympic champions Canada on 26 July before their final group game with Nigeria on 31 July.

"Next is Canada, Olympic champions, but we do not fear anyone," Pauw added.

"These players adapt so quickly and we need to see where we stand again.

"We went into this game to get a result and it will be the same again (against Canada). We pressed until the last second.

"We got more space to play, could switch play. You couldn't in first half, in second we could, when we made changes.

"We are a team battling, Irish DNA is battling."

Zartoshte Bakhtiari, the mayor of Neuilly-sur-Marne, says the rioters in France "don't fear justice"

Zartoshte Bakhtiari says he hasn't slept more than three hours a night since the riots in France began a week ago.

By day, he's the mayor of Neuilly-sur-Marne, in one of France's poorest areas, east of Paris.

By night, he patrols the streets with a dozen staff and city councillors until 04:00 or 05:00, acting as an early warning system for police taking on the rioters there.

"Within days, we [were] in hell," he tells me.

On Tuesday, he'll head to the Élysée Palace with more than 200 other mayors to discuss the crisis with French President Emmanuel Macron.

His request is for "more toughness" from the state, and permission for the local city police to use drones to monitor activity in the town.

"What's happening now is the result of years of weakness from politicians, and decisions that have not been taken," he says.

"It's a problem of authority because these [rioters] don't fear justice. [They] may go to court, but they come back home a few hours after trial simply because we don't have enough places in jail in this district of Paris. We cannot support this kind of weakness from the state."

Just outside his office in the town hall is the charred wall of the local city police station.

"They jumped over this wall at 1am with a jerrycan of petrol," Mayor Bakhtiari explains, gesturing to the fleet of seven charred squad cars, their ashen skeletons lined up beneath the blackened façade.

But the building was shared with the public housing department, tasked with finding homes for 2,300 local people.

Inside, the office is a carbonised shell of melted plastic and ash. Not all the paper files were digitised. The details of many of those most desperate for housing here have been wiped from the records by the fire.

Laurence Tendron Brunet says the records of many local people in desperate need for housing have been destroyed by fire

The head of the housing department, Laurence Tendron Brunet, stands among the burnt ruins in tears.

"I'm so sad," she says. "We're going to rebuild, we're going to start again. But right now there are people who are so desperate for housing. I know about half of them - when they call, I recognise their voices. They're not files, they're human beings."

Mayor Bakhtiari says the arsonists were caught on a video surveillance camera, and from the footage they appear to be teenagers, perhaps 14-16 years old.

"I find it hard to understand that it's children who are destroying things," Laurence says, "because at that age, your parents should be responsible for you."

Round the back of the building, overlooking the car park with its fleet of charred police vehicles, we find a neighbour who filmed the fire on his mobile phone, and agreed to speak to us anonymously.

"Typical," he says, when he hears about the suspected age of the arsonists. "Organised thugs launch kids of 11 or 13 into the event, telling them: 'you'll never go to prison, so go ahead.' That's the norm here; they send the young kids [to] the front line. It's a gang tactic."

The riots across France were sparked by the fatal shooting by a police officer of 17-year-old Nahel M on 27 June

The worst-hit part of Neuilly-sur-Marne is an area called Les Fauvettes. The public library, shops and a supermarket have all been torched here. Les Fauvettes is also home to many of the rioters themselves.

Aicha, a 23-year-old teaching assistant, lives there too. She says she understands the initial anger that sparked the violence - even if she thinks it has since turned into looting and destruction.

"They're fed up," she says. "It always falls on the same people. If you're black or Arab, a gun is pulled and shots fired without thinking. When it's a white person, they think twice before shooting or even giving a fine."

But back in his office at the town hall, Mayor Bakhtiari rejects accusations that there's a problem with the French police.

"Absolutely not, I cannot hear that kind of argument," he insists. "Maybe we have people in the police who are racist, but we cannot say the police [itself] is racist. The police behave very well here in France."

But the actions of individual officers, like the one now facing a charge of voluntary homicide for shooting 17-year-old Nahel M. last week, are only half the story.

The other half is about the divisions these events expose within France.

A public collection for the family of that officer topped a million euros on Monday - dwarfing the amount collected for the family of Nahel.

Nathan Evans became an overnight star when a sea shanty he posted on social media went viral.

But he has told a new BBC documentary of the hard times he endured before his 60-second clip became an international sensation.

The 28-year-old shot to fame in late 2020 when a TikTok video of the 19th Century shanty Wellerman led to a record deal and a Number 1 single in several countries, including the UK.

Nathan, from Airdrie, was a postman at the time but he had only been in the job a few months after recovering from mental health problems.

In What Next for the Wellerman? he tells how he had to quit his building trade job as a steel erector after having panic attacks.

"Having to get up at 5.30 and do 12 hours on shift and it was always hard graft as well," Nathan says.

"When it's cold, it's dreadful. When you are outside and dealing with the cold it's quite miserable."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Nathan tells the documentary that before he left the job he was struggling with his mental health.

"There was one day I was on site - my chest went, my breathing went and I started getting sweaty and I thought 'I am going to start crying here'.

"I started having a panic attack in the cherry picker and I was like 'I'm not doing this any more'."

Nathan was off work for a couple of months and started putting more effort into his music, uploading videos to Facebook and Instagram and also TikTok, at the insistence of his niece and nephew.

In response to one of his songs, a follower asked him to do a sea shanty called Leave Her Johnny.

Nathan admits that he knew nothing about the song or the genre of music but it became his most popular video, with fans suggesting dozens of others for him to perform.

Wellerman was on the list but it took Nathan months to get around to it.

However when he uploaded it in December 2020, the clip immediately took off.

Nathan is trying to have success as a singer-songwriter

Nathan recalls that before his success he and wife Holly, who he met at school, were having a tough time.

Holly tells the programme: "We were always under pressure thinking 'is the next wage going to be enough to cover everything?'"

"It was like the flick of a switch," Nathan says.

"Life just flipped upside down. I went from all that struggling with all this debt and then the next minute I was signed to a record company, I had a manager.

"I paid the debt off and managed to buy myself a house that we'd been dreaming of."

Holly admits that his success came so quickly and he was so busy that she feared she might be losing him.

"It messed with us a wee bit," she says.

"We had a really hard year. I honestly didn't think we'd still be together."

Nathan grew up in Airdrie in Lanarkshire

Nathan says he knew he had to use the chance to establish his music career and took every opportunity available.

"I could see where I wanted to go and thought there was nothing going to stop me from getting to there," he says.

Holly says: "He's destined for great things and you have to let Nathan do what he wants to do and see where it takes him."

However, making a career in music when you are known as the sea-shanty guy has not been easy.

He has been spending a lot of time in Germany where they have been keen to promote his new songs, which are more pop music orientated.

"Back home, because I don't get the exposure I do in Germany, even family members will ask me 'are you still doing music?"

"They don't see the TV shows I am doing in Germany, and the gigs and the festivals."

At the end of April, Nathan was in Germany making a music video when Holly went into labour four weeks early.

Nathan dashed back home to Lanarkshire where their first child Hunter had a complicated birth which included time in intensive care.

"It was really scary," Nathan says.

"But now he's healthy and his lungs work perfectly fine."

Nathan says the BBC documentary is trying to show people he is not just The Wellerman and the guy from TikTok.

"Hopefully we can steer away from that TikTok star and become Nathan Evans the artist," he says.

President Xi has never condemned Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine

Ukraine's Volodymr Zelensky says he has had a "long and meaningful" phone call with China's Xi Jinping, their first contact since Russia's war began.

He said on Twitter he believed the call, along with the appointment of an ambassador to Beijing, would "give a powerful impetus to the development of our bilateral relations".

China confirmed the call, adding that it "always stood on the side of peace".

Unlike the West, Beijing has sought to appear neutral on the Russian invasion.

But it has never hidden its close ties to Moscow, or condemned the invasion, and last month President Xi paid a two-day state visit to Russia.

He referred to President Vladimir Putin as his "dear friend", proposed a vague 12-point peace plan and insisted that China stood on the right side of history.

However, he made no commitment to providing Russia with weapons.

Within days of the visit, President Zelensky invited the Chinese leader to visit Kyiv for talks, noting they had contact before the full-scale war but nothing since it began in February 2022.

In a readout of Wednesday's phone call, China quoted President Xi as saying that China, "as a responsible majority country", would "neither watch the fire from the other side, nor add fuel to the fire, let alone take advantage of the crisis to profit".

That statement appeared to be a swipe at China's biggest international rival, the US, which has provided the most help towards Ukraine's response to the Russian war.

White House spokesman John Kirby welcomed the phone call as "a good thing" but said it was too early to know whether it would lead to "some sort of meaningful peace movement, or plan or proposal".

The likelihood of China helping to end the war appears remote, not just because Russia has shown no readiness to withdraw its forces from Ukraine's sovereign territory. It is a key demand from Kyiv that President Zelensky reiterated: "There can be no peace at the expense of territorial compromises."

Critics have also questioned the idea of Beijing acting as a mediator, citing not only Mr Xi's firm friendship with Russia's leader but also China's soaring trade with Russia and its refusal even to speak of an "invasion".

Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Moscow saw "broad concord" with China's approach but said the main barrier was Kyiv's "unrealistic demands". Moscow's own demands include recognition of its annexation of swathes of Ukrainian territory, including Crimea, which was invaded in 2014.

China's 12-point plan to end the war has been widely criticised by Ukraine and the West. It fails to offer clear plans for Ukraine's future security or for territory seized by Russia and includes a proposal for unilateral sanctions to be dropped.

And yet Wednesday's hour-long call did not come as a complete surprise.

Earlier this month, European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen said that Mr Xi had spoken of his willingness to talk to Ukraine's leader when the "conditions and time are right". She had joined French President Emmanuel Macron on a visit to Beijing.

President Zelensky has repeatedly reached out to the Chinese president, an acknowledgement that China's vast wealth and global influence could swing the outcome of the war.

In its readout of the call, Beijing announced its willingness to engage directly with Ukraine, by sending a special representative on Eurasian affairs to Kyiv and other capitals for "in-depth communication" on a political settlement.

For his part, Mr Zelensky appointed a former minister, Pavlo Ryabikin, as ambassador to Beijing.

Xi Jinping has had recent diplomatic success by persuading Iran and Saudi Arabia to restore ties. While it is possible he may have developed a taste for the role of a key international stakeholder, there may also be an economic element to his intervention.

China's flagging economy is still fragile after years of tight Covid-19 restrictions. It is dependent on export trade and cannot fully bounce back as the war in Ukraine drags on.

News of the phone-call made headline news in China's carefully controlled state media outlets, which printed China's interpretation of the call.

On Chinese social media sites, users appeared supportive, with many calling for peaceful dialogue and supporting what they saw as China acting like a responsible country.

"China must break the deadlock and melt the ice!" read one typical comment.
• None End of Ukraine war no closer after Putin-Xi talks

Consultants in England want at least three times their basic pay to provide emergency cover for junior doctors during this month's three-day walkout.

The demands have been described as unreasonable by NHS bosses as they try to plug the gaps in emergency care.

The British Medical Association (BMA) is recommending its members ask for £158 an hour to work during the day, rising to £262 for night shifts.

It said it was right to be paid more for work outside the normal contract.

Consultants earn between £88,000 and £119,000 a year in basic pay - that works out at the equivalent of about £42 to £57 an hour in a 40-hour week.

Although average pay is £20,000 higher once extra payments for performance, night shifts and being on call is included.

But during the strike the BMA has advised doctors to ask for:

The BMA said the pay rates should be used by any consultant who is asked to move from their normal speciality or by emergency care consultants who are asked to do extra shifts or fulfil roles normally done by junior doctors.

About 40% of the medical workforce is classed as a junior doctor and two-thirds are thought to be BMA members who will be asked to walk out between 06:00 GMT on 13 and 06:00 on 16 March across both planned and emergency care in their pay dispute.

Junior doctors are calling for pay rises to make up for cuts of 26% since 2008.

Danny Mortimer, the chief executive of NHS Employers, said health bosses had sympathy for the plight of doctors, but that was being "eroded" by the unilateral demands being made for premium pay.

He said NHS bosses had not been consulted on the rates, which are included in the BMA official rate card used for extra hours beyond contracted work.

"If their dispute is with the government with regards to both pay and pensions, it seems unreasonable to act without first seeking any kind of agreement with employers," he added.

The rate card was first introduced last year, the BMA said, after some NHS trusts tried to cap the amount they were willing to pay for overtime.

BMA consultants leader Dr Vishal Sharma said it was right the rate card was used for the strikes.

"We wholeheartedly support and stand in solidarity with our junior doctor colleagues in their industrial action and pursuit of full pay restoration.

"Consultants, having themselves experienced real-terms pay cuts, know all too well the damaging impact pay erosion has on morale and staff retention.

"On strike days it is the responsibility of employers to ensure that services are staffed safely, and they have been given adequate notice of when the action is set to take place.

"The BMA rate card rates are recommended for all work undertaken outside of the normal contract, and they are therefore appropriate to use for covering absent junior doctors as this work is quite clearly extra-contractual.

"These rates therefore reflect the market value of doctors' work."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Moment extreme athlete Beatriz Flamini emerged from the cave after 500 days

A Spanish extreme athlete has emerged from a cave after spending 500 days with no human contact, in what could be a world record.

When Beatriz Flamini entered the cave in Granada, Russia had not invaded Ukraine and the world was still in the grip of the Covid pandemic.

It was part of an experiment closely monitored by scientists.

"I'm still stuck on November 21, 2021. I don't know anything about the world," she said after exiting the cave.

Ms Flamini, 50, entered the cave aged 48. She spent her time in the 70m (230ft) deep cave exercising, drawing and knitting woolly hats. She got through 60 books and 1,000 litres of water, according to her support team.

She was monitored by a group of psychologists, researchers, speleologists - specialists in the study of caves - but none of the experts made contact with her.

Footage on the Spanish TVE station showed her climbing out of the cave grinning, before hugging her team.

Speaking shortly afterwards, she described her experience as "excellent, unbeatable".

"I've been silent for a year-and-a-half, not talking to anyone but myself," she said, while reporters pressed her for more details.

"I lose my balance, that's why I'm being held. If you allow me to take a shower - I haven't touched water for a year-and-a-half - I'll see you in a little while. Is that OK with you?"

Flamini's team say she has broken a world record for longest time spent in a cave

Ms Flamini later told reporters she lost track of time after about two months.

"There was a moment when I had to stop counting the days," she said, adding that she thought she had been in the cave for "between 160-170 days".

One of the toughest moments came when there was an invasion of flies inside the cave, leaving her covered, she said.

The extreme athlete also described "auditory hallucinations".

"You are silent and the brain makes it up," she said.

Experts have been using her time in isolation to study the impact of social isolation and extreme temporary disorientation on people's perception of time.

Ms Flamini's support team said she has broken a world record for the longest time spent in a cave, but the Guinness World Records has not confirmed whether there is a record for voluntary time living in a cave.

It has awarded the "longest time survived trapped underground" to the 33 Chilean and Bolivian miners who spent 69 days 688m underground after the collapse of a copper-gold mine in Chile in 2010.

Private rents rose faster last month than they have since records began in January 2016, latest figures show.

Across the UK, rents grew 5.1%, with higher percentage rises recorded in Wales and Scotland, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said.

Housing costs are usually people's largest monthly outlay, meaning sharp increases have a big impact on budgets.

However, property prices are rising more slowly, as higher mortgage rates limit what home-buyers can afford.

UK house prices ticked up 1.9% in the year to May, down from 3.2% in the 12 months to April.

"UK annual house price inflation slowed again in May for the seventh consecutive month," said Aimee North, head of housing market indices at the ONS.

"While the average UK house price remains higher than 12 months ago, prices are now £7,000 below the recent peak in September 2022."

"UK rental prices increased again, with the highest annual inflation since records began in 2016," Ms North said.

The cost of renting rose 5.8% in Wales, 5.5% in Scotland and 5.1% in England in the 12 months to June, the ONS figures show.

The highest rises in England were found in the West Midlands at 5.4%. In the North East they rose by only 4.4%. In London, rents went up 5.3%.

The latest housing statistics are released against a backdrop of easing inflation.

On Wednesday, the ONS said inflation rose 7.9% in the year to June, a slowdown from 8.7% in May.

But a series of interest rate rises over the last 18 months has pushed up mortgage rates for both homeowners and landlords.

Michelle Lawson, director at Lawson Financial, a Fareham-based broker, said rising mortgage, combined with regulatory changes meant rising rents were "no surprise".

"Landlords cannot absorb these rises any more and they are naturally having to be passed up the chain," she said.

Other property brokers said a shortage of available properties meant demand was outstripping supply in the rental market.

Rhys Schofield, managing director at Derbyshire-based mortgage advisers, Peak Mortgages and Protection said demand was up 48% compared to pre-Covid levels while property to rent was "like hen's teeth"

"Rents being forced ever upward certainly doesn't do tenants any favours," he said.

Property values increased by only 1.9% in the year to May, the most recent month statistics are available for.

House prices had previously been rising much more quickly than that, with annual house price inflation hitting 14% last year. They peaked in September 2022.

There was wide variation in house price inflation around the UK, however.

In England, the average house price grew 1.7% to £304,000 in the year to May.

In Wales it rose 1.8% to £213,000.

In Scotland, the average price was up 3.2% at £193,000. And Northern Ireland saw the average rise 5% to £172,000.

Within England, the North East recorded the highest percentage increase in house prices while the East saw no growth.

Gabriella Dickens, a senior UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said they were still forecasting an overall "peak-to-trough" drop in house prices of around 10%.

"Note, though, that even if prices do fall that far, they still will be around 15% above their pre-Covid level," she added.

A licence has been approved for the release of captive-bred Scottish wildcats in the UK's largest national park.

The first in a series of trial releases at undisclosed locations in the Cairngorms National Park is planned for June.

The Saving Wildcats project said it would be the first conservation translocation of wildcats in Britain.

Eventually, as many as 20 wildcats could be released annually.

There are wildcats in the wild in the Cairngorms, but the population is under threat.

According to research, the wild cat is on the brink of extinction. Breeding with feral domestic cats, disease and habitat loss have been blamed for reducing numbers.

Scotland's nature agency, NatureScot, approved the licence for this summer's release.

It assessed Saving Wildcats' application in line with the Scottish Code for Conservation Translocations.

The process considers a range of issues including animal welfare, site suitability and potential impacts on neighbouring and community interests.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Wildcats bred in captivity are to be released into the park

Saving Wildcats, which involves a number of organisations, has been breeding the animals at Royal Zoological Society of Scotland's Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig, near Aviemore.

The wildcats are to be released in a 232 sq mile (600 sq km) area involved in a landscape conservation project called Cairngorms Connect.

It is a partnership of neighbouring land managers - Wildland Limited, Forestry and Land Scotland, RSPB Scotland and NatureScot - working towards a 200-year vision to enhance habitat, species and ecological processes.

As many as 20 wildcats a year could be released into the wild

NatureScot's head of biodiversity, Dr Katherine Leys, said Saving Wildcats offered a lifeline for the species.

She said: "This journey is not without difficulty, and we know that there are more hurdles to overcome before we reach the point where we are ready to release the wildcats into carefully selected areas of the Cairngorms National Park.

"Once there, the wildcats will face further challenges, so it's crucial the project continues to work with local communities, farmers, land-owners and cat owners to ensure wildcats are given the best chance to survive and thrive."

Saving Wildcats project lead and Royal Zoological Society of Scotland's head of conservation, Dr Helen Senn, said: "When the time comes, we will be able to move wildcats under licence from pre-release enclosures at Highland Wildlife Park to carefully selected areas in the Cairngorms Connect landscape which provide a suitable mix of habitats and potential prey for the species.

"After release, the wildcats will be monitored using GPS collars as they face the many challenges of life in the wild."

She added: "The fight to restore Scotland's wildcat populations is just beginning and we are grateful to everyone providing expertise and support along the way."

A breeding centre is to be created at the Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore in the Cairngorms

Wildland Limited is a company owned by Danish billionaire Anders Holch Povlsen and his wife Anne.

Director of conservation Thomas MacDonell said the company was delighted to be part of the effort to restore wildcats.

Farming union, NFU Scotland, said NatureScot's approval of a licence was "fantastic news".

Policy manager Penny Middleton said: "As a supporter of the official body, the Scottish Wildcat Action forum, we have previously helped disseminate information on how to protect this iconic native species to our members in the priority areas identified for wildcats, including the Cairngorms National Park area.

"We recognise that the species remains critically endangered and that the plans through the Saving Wildcats project to preserve the species are starting to come to fruition."

She added: "The farming community in release areas will be keen to support these plans and identify how they can assist."

The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has been one of the most vocal critics of the Illegal Migration Bill

The House of Lords has voted to back an attempt to force the government to produce a 10-year strategy on refugees and trafficking, as part of its migration bill.

The Archbishop of Canterbury led the move to include the strategy in the government's flagship legislation to stop small boat crossings to the UK.

Justin Welby insisted the strategy would improve and not damage the bill.

Peers have voted to approve multiple changes to the bill in the Lords.

But ministers are expected to ask MPs to overturn the changes when the legislation returns to the House of Commons, where the Conservative government has a majority.

The bill is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's high-profile pledge to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel - one of his five key pledges.

The number of migrants crossing from France set a record for June, pushing the total for the year above 11,000.

Earlier, Mr Sunak's spokesman said the government would press ahead with its Illegal Migration Bill, despite the string of defeats it has suffered in the Lords.

Mr Welby has been one of the most vocal critics of the bill, previously condemning the legislation as "morally unacceptable" and "politically impractical".

As peers debated the bill on Wednesday, Mr Welby tabled two amendments which would require the government to have a 10-year strategy for collaborating internationally to tackle refugee crises and human trafficking.

Speaking in the Lords, Mr Welby said the amendment was "intended to be helpful" and mitigate "some of the concerns about a lack of a global and long-term perspective on the issues".

"I urge the government to develop a strategy that is ambitious, collaborative and worthy of our history and up to the scale of the enormous challenges that we face," Mr Welby said.

Peers inflicted further defeats on the government as they debated and voted on detailed changes to the bill. There will be a further day of debate in the Lords before it returns to the Commons.

One amendment would make it a legal duty for ministers to create safe and legal routes to the UK for refugees by next spring. Two others reinstate and expand a right of appeal against age assessments for migrants claiming to be children.

Ahead of Wednesday's debate, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York urged ministers to back changes to the legislation to ensure a "just" and "compassionate" asylum policy.

In a letter to The Times signed by eight other faith leaders, the two archbishops warned the legislation "falls short of our obligation to the most vulnerable".

The prime minister's official spokesman said he was not going to respond to individual opinions.

But, he added, Mr Sunak was "clear that stopping the boats, stopping the cruel cycle of vulnerable people being exploited by criminal gangs, is the fair and compassionate thing to do".

If passed, the bill would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove migrants arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

The government has stressed it remains committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, and has said it will challenge a Court of Appeal ruling last week that this was unlawful.

On Tuesday, Mr Sunak told the Liaison Committee of senior MPs the government's case would be made in the Supreme Court "confidently and vigorously".

In the first six months of 2023, 11,434 people were detected making the journey from France, according to provisional Home Office figures.

The June total of 3,824 was the highest since records began in 2018. In June last year, 3,140 migrants arrived in the UK after crossing the Channel.

Despite the record June number, the total for the first half of the year was 10% lower than for January-June 2022 (12,747).

In January, Mr Sunak set out five pledges which he said would address "the people's priorities", including passing new laws to stop Channel crossings. But he did not put a timescale on achieving the promise.

Last month, he insisted his plan was "starting to work".

Labour has accused the prime minister of chasing "short-term headlines instead of doing the hard work needed to tackle the problem".

Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: "The numbers of dangerous crossings are rising again, hotel costs are spiralling, all while the government's flagship Rwanda policy unravels in front of their eyes."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

"You get very good at lying," David tells me.

"Getting loans for home improvements that weren't for home improvements. Credit cards. Any way I could get money to gamble."

A transport worker from the north of England, David doesn't want to reveal his real name.

His gambling addiction has cost him his marriage, and many thousands of pounds. "It's just a double life," he says, "I've lost enough for a house.

"I was using online casinos, roulette machines, slot machines online. It was always on my phone. I was betting on football live, on horseracing, anything. It could be any time of day."

Now in his 30s, David is getting help and has managed to make it just past 100 days without a bet.

With the government about to announce its planned reforms to gambling laws in Great Britain (it is a devolved matter in Northern Ireland), David wants affordability checks on punters to make sure they have the money to lose.

"I only got asked if I could afford it after I'd spent thousands of pounds," he says. "I just went to another company and opened another account."

The government is expected to tighten regulation on the sector when it publishes its white paper on gambling in the coming weeks

Intense lobbying behind the scenes has gone on in recent months, to shape what will be the first significant piece of legislation on gambling in nearly 20 years and since the invention of smartphones.

This white paper has already been pushed back at least four times, with delays caused by changes in prime ministers and the revolving door of the secretary of state for culture (there have been eight in five years).

Last July, the review was in Boris Johnson's Downing Street for approval, the final stage before announcement. Instead, it was shelved as Johnson's premiership faltered.

Betting logos are likely to disappear from the front of football shirts under a voluntary Premier League deal (Southampton FC players pictured)

When Tony Blair's Labour government introduced the Gambling Act in 2005, it allowed gambling firms to advertise sports betting, poker and online casinos on TV and radio for the first time.

That legislation predated the arrival of the smartphone a year or two later, a game changer in the world of online betting.

"With online gambling, there are no barriers in place," says consultant psychologist Matt Gaskell, the clinical lead for the NHS Northern Gambling Service.

"Typically, our service users are gambling from the moment they wake up in the morning in their bed. They take their phone into the bathroom with them, they take it in the car.

"They're gambling at work and they're gambling when they return home and they can keep it very secret even from their loved ones."

The NHS has clinics across England treating people with gambling problems, including three clinics in the north of England. The service is expanding further. By the end of the year, there will be 15 NHS centres in England dedicated to gambling.

Gaskell says an industry which has aggressively targeted punters with habit-forming products offering continuous gambling has caused a "significant public health crisis".

He wants the government to introduce a statutory levy on the gambling companies and to develop a public health message.

The NHS has clinics across England treating people with gambling problems

At the moment, the industry funds research, education and treatment into gambling harm on a voluntary basis.

The Betting and Gaming Council, which represents gambling companies, says its largest members have pledged £100m over four years, and that the set-up is "unlike the alcohol industry, which hands the NHS the bill for problems associated with alcohol".

In recent weeks, behind the scenes, charities and parliamentarians who want changes have been piling on the pressure.

A letter to the chancellor earlier this month from the chair of Peers for Gambling Reform, Lord Foster, and signed by Mr Gaskell amongst others, says the "overwhelming consensus is that the current voluntary funding arrangement lacks consistency, transparency and independence from industry influence".

They want a firewall; at the moment, Mr Gaskell told me, the public health messaging around gambling "is paid for by the gambling industry".

"So it's a rather meaningless, self-serving messaging… It doesn't help the public make good, informed decisions."

Support for addiction issues is available via the BBC Action Line.

You only need to watch a football match to see how normalised gambling has become - or, as the industry puts it and as many see it, how much fun can be had.

In-play betting has for many fans added extra excitement to those 90 minutes watching your team on the pitch. You can gamble on who will score the next goal, who will get the next penalty, how many minutes there will be of extra time.

Eight Premier League clubs now display gambling firm names on the front of their shirts, after sponsorship deals. There is a similar number in the Championship.

The Betting and Gaming Council told the BBC it supports the Gambling Review to "raise standards and promote safer gambling, but any changes introduced by the government must not drive gamblers towards the growing unsafe, unregulated black market online".

The BGC says the "rate of problem gambling remains low by international standards at 0.3% of the UK's adult population - down from 0.4% the year previous".

It points out that the "overwhelming majority" of the 22.5 million people in the UK who enjoy a bet each month, do so "safely and responsibly".

James Grimes, head of education at Gambling With Lives, pictured with students at the UA92 in Manchester

Campaigners for more regulation say they want to protect problem gamblers and for legislation that keeps pace with technology.

"At the moment, we are probably the country with the most liberal gambling laws in the world," the former Conservative leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith told me.

He's part of the All Party Parliamentary Group on gambling-related harm. They've spent years arguing for more protections especially for children and other vulnerable groups, including forcing gambling companies to pay a statutory levy and a ban on their names on football shirts to "stop thousands of people wandering around as advertising".

"We're not out to stamp out gambling," he says. "We want to have it better regulated so it traps fewer people in spirals of debt."

James Grimes lost £100,000 to his gambling addiction. The 32-year-old, who lives in Stockport, took out 20 payday loans and borrowed from anyone he could.

Despite being on the minimum wage at the time, Mr Grimes says the gambling industry pushed him to keep betting.

"They gave me a VIP box at a Premier league football match. They gave me tickets to the horse race and there would be a £100 free bet in my account every week."

James, who will be five years free of gambling in April, is now the head of education for the charity Gambling With Lives.

"I still get emails from gambling companies saying 'Come back in, here's 100 free spins'. You wouldn't give an alcoholic 100 free shots of vodka if they stopped drinking five years ago. So why do we allow this to happen? It's a form of grooming."

Like David, he was pulled into gambling when he was much younger. He says the impact of potentially addictive gambling products on young brains needs more research.

James wants the white paper to propose stake limits on online gambling, to bring it into line with physical betting.

He also wants restrictions on advertising and sponsorship, "especially in football, which is adored by millions of young people".

The role of the Gambling Commission, which licenses and regulates the industry, is also included in the government review.

A spokesman for the commission said it "creates an opportunity to build on the progress we have made to protect players and the public - such as strengthened age and identity verification, strict new guidance for so-called VIP schemes and banning gambling with credit cards."

Ryan Myers took his own life before his father found out he had been addicted to gambling

John Myers' son Ryan was a football fan. It was only after Ryan took his own life that John and his wife discovered their son was addicted to gambling.

A few months before his suicide, Ryan had even written an email to one of the online gambling firms saying he was "finally admitting" he had a serious gambling problem. John shared it with the BBC.

Ryan wrote: "I've woken up this morning to find out I've pretty much emptied my bank account and don't even remember doing it.

"I know I don't deserve it and can understand if you don't do it but I was wondering if you could find it in your heart to maybe somehow refund some of what I deposited last night and then ban me."

John Myers, Ryan's father (pictured with Katie Razzall), hopes the white paper will put in greater protections for gamblers

John Myers says he doesn't want gambling banned.

"We want the predatory industry to take some blame… we want the government to change the rules around it so they can't be as predatory as they are now."

He hopes the white paper will put in greater protections for future Ryans.

If you have been affected by any of the issues in this article you can visit the BBC's Action Line. for information and support.

How have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Aston Villa were the last team to beat Manchester City, on 6 December, but can the defending champions exact revenge at Etihad Stadium on Wednesday?

"Since that defeat, City have gone 23 games without defeat and, in terms of results, that's incredible," said BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton.

"But there is something amiss with them at the moment. I thought they would find a way to beat Arsenal, but now they have to beat Villa and I don't think it's going to be easy for them."

Sutton is making predictions for every Premier League game this season against a variety of guests.

For the midweek matches on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, he takes on UB40 drummer & Birmingham City fan Jimmy Brown.

Brown is not the only Blues fan in UB40 and the band have given one of their classic songs a revamp in honour of their beloved club.

Forever True is Birmingham City's new anthem, with new lyrics set to the beat of Food For Thought, which is blasted out around St Andrew's at the end of every winning game.

UB40 held a special concert at the stadium at full-time of Monday's game against Preston where they played the new track and other songs from their new album, UB45, which celebrates 45 years of the band and is out on 19 April.

Jimmy is here to make predictions for Premier League games but it is the bottom of the Championship he is focused on at the moment, with Birmingham battling to avoid relegation to League One.

"Believe me when I say I've got my fingers, toes and every single thing crossed," he told BBC Sport.

"I am very nervous, but I am hopeful as well. We've got a good manager in charge now with Gary Rowett back at the club but, however we do it, we just need to stay afloat."

Jimmy grew up a stone's throw away from St Andrew's and has been a lifelong supporter of the club.

He explained: "I was born and brought up in Small Heath which is the same area as the ground, and I lived a 10-minute walk away, so I had to be a Blues fan really.

"My dad used to take me every week when I was really young and after a while I told him I wasn't enjoying it. It smelled of old men and pies, and it would be 0-0 every week - it was kind of depressing and it put me off football for a few years.

"But then as I got a bit older I got back into it. I'd still be walking back home feeling miserable after the match, but that's what football is like, isn't it? You have got to take the rough with the smooth.

"We are not having a great time of it at the moment but there have been plenty of highs along the way.

"The best moment was probably winning the League Cup final against Arsenal in 2011. We were away touring at the time and we watched the first half on TV at an airport but then had to get on a plane.

"I thought we'd lost but then when we landed we got messages coming through that we'd actually won. We were all cheering on the plane, and I don't suppose the other passengers knew why."

Chris Sutton and Jimmy Brown were speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.

A correct result (picking a win, draw or defeat) is worth 10 points. The exact score earns 40 points.
• None Visit your Premier League club's page with all the latest news, analysis and fan views, and sign up for notifications

I was at St James' Park to see Newcastle's late comeback to beat West Ham 4-3 and there is a lot to admire about Eddie Howe's side.

They found a way of winning the game, and it was great for Harvey Barnes to come on and change the game the way he did after missing so much of the campaign.

My concern for them here is how much that will have taken out of them. Their squad was already injury ravaged and now their captain Jamaal Lascelles is out for several months too.

I am taking a bit of a punt here, especially given that Everton have gone 12 league games without a win, but I think Newcastle are so stretched and put so much into it on Saturday, that it will catch up with them here.

Everton's big problem is still in attack because they really struggle to find the back of the net but they do create chances and I have a sneaking feeling they will get a result, just like they did when they beat the Magpies 3-0 at Goodison Park in December.

Jimmy's prediction: This is a hard one to call because Newcastle have had their problems with injuries. 1-1

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

I was wrong when I thought Fulham would beat Sheffield United on Saturday, and Marco Silva's side have not picked up many points on the road this season.

So Nottingham Forest will definitely see this as a winnable game - but the same applied to their past two fixtures, against Luton and Crystal Palace, and they did not win either of those.

Chris Wood is bailing Forest out at the moment with some important goals, and I would not be surprised if he scored again - but I expect this one will end up being a draw.

Jimmy's prediction: Forest definitely need the win here. 2-1

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

These two teams are next to each other in the table in 13th and 14th but the difference is Bournemouth are eight points ahead and looking up the table, while Crystal Palace are still looking over their shoulder at the teams below them.

Palace should be fine in terms of staying up, but they are a team in transition and are too reliant on Eberechi Eze for creativity.

This is going to be close but Dominic Solanke is still scoring and the Cherries are on a good run of results. They have really surprised me this campaign, especially after the way they started it.

I reckon Bournemouth will edge it but I should probably apologise to their fans now for saying that because whenever I back them, they never end up winning.

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

Wolves were pretty limp in their defeat against Aston Villa and although their boss Gary O'Neil was right when he pointed out they were missing some key attacking players, the problem for him is if they are still without them at Turf Moor.

Matheus Cunha is apparently close to a return after his hamstring injury, which will give them a boost up front, but I still feel like Burnley will give them a good game.

The Clarets were really hard done by against Chelsea, starting with the penalty awarded against them - which was a disgrace because I thought Mykhailo Mudryk dived - and followed by dismissals for Lorenz Assignon and manager Vincent Kompany,

But they still picked up a point and are now on their best run of results of the season with two draws and a win from their past three games.

They are only four points away from safety and a win here would be massive for them, but I don't think they will quite manage it. Still, even a draw would keep them in touch with the teams immediately above them.

Jimmy's prediction: I like to see all the Midlands teams doing well so I've got to go with Wolves here. 1-2

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

West Ham will still be smarting from the way they lost at Newcastle. Hammers boss David Moyes took Michail Antonio off when his team were cruising at 3-1 up with around 20 minutes to go and, without him, they could not get up the pitch.

Antonio gave them a great outlet, but Moyes will also be furious at the late goals his side conceded.

They will be looking to bounce back here, and they will be confident because they have already beaten Tottenham once this season.

The expansive way Spurs play suits West Ham because they will be able to hit them on the counter-attack. I think Antonio was taken off on Saturday to rest him for this game, and he will play another key role here.

There should be a few goals at the other end too, though. Tottenham are just relentless going forward and wear teams down. Even if they go behind, I still fancy them to win this one.

Jimmy's prediction: Both teams have been up and down so let's go for a draw. 2-2

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

Arsenal needed a last-gasp Declan Rice goal to clinch a crazy 4-3 win last time these teams met, but it won't be anywhere near as close at the Emirates.

Luton will have a go, we know that, but the Gunners showed how strong they are defensively in Sunday's goalless draw with Manchester City and I am expecting them to control this game from the start.

Jimmy's prediction: There is no way Arsenal are going to drop any points here. 3-1

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

This should be a decent game. Brighton did well against Liverpool on Sunday but, if anything, they scored too early at Anfield, and I never really thought they would hang on.

Brentford were excellent against Manchester United and it seems strange they are on such a poor run, with only one win from their past 10 games.

I am going to back the Bees to put that right here and pull away from the relegation zone, because they are definitely too good to go down.

Ivan Toney was very good against United and unlucky not to score, and the goals are going to start flowing for him again soon.

Jimmy's prediction: I like watching Brighton but I think Brentford will win. 2-1

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

I thought some of the criticism of Manchester City striker Erling Haaland after Sunday's draw with Arsenal was well over the top.

It is not Haaland's fault City did not create enough opportunities for him - it is down to players such as Kevin de Bruyne, Phil Foden and Bernardo Silva to make those chances.

To compare Haaland to a League Two player, which is how Roy Keane described him on Sky, is just ridiculous.

It doesn't matter who gets the goals against Aston Villa, but City cannot allow the gap to leaders Liverpool to get any bigger than three points.

Villa will make it tough for them and carry plenty of attacking threat themselves, but this is a must-win for Pep Guardiola's side... and I think they will win.

Jimmy's prediction: Nothing doing for Villa here! City will go 2-0 up, Villa will pull one back and push for an equaliser but then City will wrap it up with a third late on when Villa leave themselves wide open. 3-1

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

This is top versus bottom and Liverpool striker Mohamed Salah is going to be captaining my Fantasy team - that should tell you all you need to know about what I am expecting to happen here.

Against Brighton on Sunday, Liverpool did what they have done all season, which is finding a way to win even when they fall behind.

This should be far more straightforward because Sheffield United do not have the quality to cause them the same problems the Seagulls did.

Liverpool cannot just expect to turn up and win easily though. The finish line is in sight but they need to put their foot down to get there first, and that is what I think will happen here.

Looking at the table, goal difference could play a big part in the title race. Arsenal have the advantage there at the moment, but a big scoreline here could change that.

Jimmy's prediction: Liverpool are actually my second team, and my Premier League team at the moment. I love Liverpool, I love the city and I love the people and I think they will get an easy win here. 2-0

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

Some Manchester United fans have got a bit angry with me when I've predicted them to lose in the past, but what happened against Brentford on Saturday summed them up.

United were on a high after beating Liverpool in the FA Cup before the international break, showing great resilience to come back and win in the manner they did.

I was thinking 'here we go' and wondering if this was another turning point with the possibility of them kicking on... and then they go and put in such an insipid performance against the Bees.

They were so flat but, when Mason Mount scored in stoppage time, it looked like they had got away with it.

This time, Brentford deservedly levelled but United have been doing this all season. They've been lucky, right from the start.

As far as this game goes, well it's anyone's guess. I keep on being wrong about Chelsea, including their 2-2 draw against Burnley on Saturday.

Cole Palmer continues to be a bright spark for the Blues but something is not right with the rest of the team. If they cannot beat Burnley at home when the Clarets are down to 10 men, then heaven help them.

All things considered, it makes this game impossible to predict. It feels like it will probably be a draw but Palmer will score so I am going to go with him to get the decider.

Jimmy's prediction: This is another hard one to call but I'm going with United. 1-2

Oops you can't see this activity! To enjoy Newsround at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

How did Sutton do last time?

Last weekend, Sutton got five correct results, with no exact scores, from the 10 Premier League games in week 30, giving him 50 points.

He beat Gladiators star Bionic, who got four correct result with no exact scores, giving him 40 points.

Dave from The Zutons, Tommy Fury, Joe from Nothing But Thieves, Sam from Twin Atlantic Gabe of Jamie Johnson FC, Ed Leigh, Tash from The Football Academy, Matthew Vaughn, Rick Witter

How did you get on?

There were five draws in week 30, and they all caught you out - especially Chelsea versus Burnley, where 89% of you went for a Blues win.

*Win, draw, loss prediction based on highest % of vote for each match.
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

The House of Lords has voted against government plans to weaken detention limits for children and pregnant women in its migration bill.

The legislation would scrap existing legal caps on how long they can be held ahead of being removed from the UK for arriving illegally.

But peers voted to preserve the current protections in a series of amendments.

They also voted to ban the deportation of LGBT migrants to nations including Rwanda.

The proposed changes are among 11 defeats suffered by ministers on the Illegal Migration Bill in votes on Monday evening.

They can be overturned when the bill goes back to the House of Commons, where - unlike in the Lords - the government has a majority.

But it raises the prospect of another clash between ministers and Tory backbenchers over contested aspects of the legislation.

The bill, backed by MPs in March, is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's high-profile pledge to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel.

It would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

The government says it is committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, despite the Court of Appeal ruling last week it was unlawful. It has already said it will appeal the decision at the Supreme Court.

There has been concern about how children will be treated under the new migration bill, as well as accusations that existing UK regulations to prevent modern slavery would be undermined.

Although the legal duty to deport migrants would not apply to under-18s the bill would give ministers new powers to deport them in certain circumstances.

It would also get rid of the current three day-limit on how long children and pregnant women can be detained, as well as the 24-hour maximum for children unaccompanied by an adult.

The government argues detention powers are necessary to ensure migrants destined for removal do not "disappear into the community" - and says no one would be held longer than is "absolutely necessary" to ensure they are deported.

It adds that there is also an over-arching legal duty to ensure the length of detention is "reasonable", adding that leaving the UK voluntarily will "always be an option for all".

However in series of votes on Wednesday, a handful of Conservatives teamed up with opposition peers to preserve the detention limits.

Tory peer Baroness Mobarik, who proposed the amendments, said "verbal assurances" from ministers were not enough and "necessary safeguards" had to be added to the bill itself.

"The psychological harms of detention on young children is significant and likely to impact them for the rest of their lives," she added.

Immigration Minister Lord Murray of Blidworth said safeguards were already in place for the detention of pregnant women, whilst those in the later stages of pregnancy would be released on immigration bail.

Child detention was also a contentious issue when the bill was debated in the Commons, with the government avoiding a showdown with Tory rebels by promising to listen to concerns.

Tim Loughton, who spearheaded the rebellion, said at the time he wanted a maximum limit to remain.

In other votes on Monday, the Lords voted to ban deportations of LGBT migrants to 10 mainly African countries, including Rwanda, Nigeria and Kenya - with a specific ban on trans men and women being deported to Brazil.

When the proposed bans were initially debated last week, Crossbench peer Lord Etherton, who suggested them, said the countries were "hostile and unsafe" for LGBT people.

Peers also approved an amendment to retain the role of the courts in deciding what a "reasonable" length of detention is - striking down new powers in the bill that would allow ministers to decide.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

MPs have said Boris Johnson may have misled Parliament multiple times over Partygate - but the former PM insists he will be vindicated by their report.

The privileges committee said it had seen evidence that "strongly suggests" Covid rule breaches would have been "obvious" to Mr Johnson.

But Mr Johnson said he never "knowingly or recklessly" misled MPs about lockdown gatherings in Downing Street.

And he said he was confident he would be cleared by the committee.

He is due to give evidence to the committee later this month.

In an initial report published on Friday, the MPs highlighted ways in which he may have misled Parliament.

These include a statement on 8 December 2021 no rules or guidance had been broken in Number 10.

Mr Johnson told BBC News he did not "know or suspect" that events broke the rules when he spoke about them in the Commons.

He added that "after 10 months of effort" the committee had not produced evidence "to suggest otherwise".

"I didn't mislead the House, and I don't believe I'm guilty of a contempt. I think that this process happily will vindicate me," he said.

The committee has published extracts from a series of WhatsApp messages it has received as part of its inquiry.

In one from 28 April 2021, seven months before press reports about parties first appeared, an unnamed No 10 official noted that another official was "worried about leaks of PM having a piss up and to be fair I don't think it's unwarranted".

In another, from 25 January 2022, Mr Johnson's then director of communications, Jack Doyle, told a No 10 official he hadn't "heard any explanation" of how a birthday party for the former PM in the Cabinet Room in June 2020 was within the rules.

In a separate WhatsApp exchange the same day, an official messaged Mr Doyle, saying: "I'm trying to do some Q&A [briefing for officials dealing with the media queries], it's not going well".

Mr Doyle replied: "I'm struggling to come up with a way this one is in the rules in my head", adding: "PM was eating his lunch of course".

The official responded: "I meant for the police bit but yeah as ridiculous as the cake thing is it is difficult".

The official then suggested they could argue it was "reasonably necessary for work purposes".

Mr Doyle replied: "Not sure that one works does it. Also blows another great gaping hole in the PM's account doesn't it?"

Boris Johnson celebrates his birthday - for which he received a fine - in a previously unseen image released by the committee

In May last year, an inquiry by senior civil servant Sue Gray found widespread rule-breaking had taken place, and Mr Johnson was among 83 people fined by police for attending law-breaking events.

The privileges committee said it would take Ms Gray's findings into account.

It emerged this week that Ms Gray has quit the civil service and is set to become chief of staff to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, prompting claims from Tory MPs that she was politically biased.

Mr Johnson said it raised questions over the conclusions over her inquiry.

"I think people may look at it in a different light," he told BBC News.

He added that he "might have cross-examined her more closely about her independence" if "you'd told me all the stuff that I now know".

He added it was "surreal" that MPs investigating whether he misled Parliament over Partygate were planning to take her inquiry into account.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Sir Keir Starmer: The evidence of wrongdoing by Mr Johnson is "already pretty damning".

If Mr Johnson is found to have misled Parliament, he could be suspended as MP or expelled, creating a by-election.

But the committee's findings, and any sanction on Mr Johnson, would have to be approved by a vote in parliament.

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the "evidence of wrongdoing by Boris Johnson is already pretty damming".

"I think Boris Johnson needs to confront the evidence that's there in front of him," he said.

Sir Keir accused Rishi Sunak "sitting on his hands" through the investigation.

Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper accused Mr Johnson of trying to "wriggle out" of the "damning" questions raised by the committee.

A screenshot from the video purportedly showing the Ukrainian prisoner of war before he was shot dead

Ukraine has launched an investigation to find Russian soldiers who apparently killed an unarmed Ukrainian prisoner of war, after graphic footage emerged.

"We will find the murderers," President Volodymyr Zelensky said late on Monday.

In the video, the Ukrainian soldier is seen smoking a cigarette in a trench. He says "Glory to Ukraine!" before being shot with automatic weapons.

One military unit has named the soldier as one of its own, but there are conflicting reports about his identity.

In the footage, one of the shooters - believed to be a Russian soldier - is heard saying "die" and using an expletive after the prisoner of war (POW) is shot dead.

The alleged killer or killers - who are not seen in the clip - have not been identified.

The video first emerged on social media on Monday. The BBC has not verified where and when the footage was made, or how the soldier was captured.

The general staff of Ukraine's armed forces said: "The shooting of an unarmed prisoner is a cynical and brazen disregard for the norms of international humanitarian law and the customs of war. This is what worthless murderers do, not warriors.

"The Russian occupiers have once again shown that their main goal in Ukraine is the brutal extermination of Ukrainians."

Russia has not publicly commented on the incident.

In his video address, President Zelensky said "the occupiers" killed "a warrior who bravely said to their faces: 'Glory to Ukraine!'"

"I want us all to respond to his words together, in unity: 'Glory to the Hero! Glory to the Heroes! Glory to Ukraine!'"

Mr Zelensky was referring to a battle cry in Ukraine's military that has become popular among millions of Ukrainians.

Meanwhile, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted that the footage was "another proof this war is genocidal", and he called for an "immediate investigation" by the International Criminal Court.

And Ukraine's Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin said a criminal investigation had already been opened.

On Tuesday, Ukraine's military named the soldier as Tymofiy Shadura, citing preliminary information.

His unit, the 30th Separate Mechanised Brigade, said he was last seen on 3 February near the eastern city of Bakhmut - the scene of fierce fighting in recent months.

But it added that the identification could only be completed after the body was returned.

Before the soldier was named, Mr Shadura's sister, Olia, said she recognised her brother: "[He] would certainly be capable of standing up to the Russians like that," she told the BBC.

However, there is some doubt over the identity of the soldier, with one well-known Ukrainian journalist naming him as somebody else.

Mr Shadura's sister later told the BBC that she was not collecting money on behalf of relatives due to the conflicting reports on the unarmed soldier's identity.

"I recognise my brother in that video. But if that's not him, then I feel for his relatives, and in that case can someone help me to find my brother?"

Kyiv and its Western allies have accused Russian troops of committing mass war crimes since President Vladimir Putin launched a full scale-invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022. Russia denies the allegations.

Ukraine has previously accused Russian troops of torturing, raping and killing Ukrainian prisoners of war.

Last July, a video emerged that showed a captured Ukrainian soldier being castrated in the Russian-occupied Donbas region in eastern Ukraine.

The Russian soldier filmed carrying out the attack in the town of Severodonetsk was identified as a member of a unit belonging to Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov.

In November, Moscow accused Ukrainian forces of executing a group of Russian prisoners.

It followed a video from the front line in eastern Ukraine showing the apparent surrender of a number of soldiers, in an incident that ended in their deaths.

A Ukrainian official said the surrender was "staged" by Russian troops in an attempt to attack their captors.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak told President Joe Biden the UK and the US were "two of the firmest allies" in Nato

US President Joe Biden has described relations with the UK as "rock solid" during talks in London with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.

Mr Biden said he "couldn't be meeting a closer friend and a greater ally". Mr Sunak hailed the UK and the US as "two of the firmest allies" in Nato.

They also discussed a US move to give Ukraine controversial cluster bombs to defend itself from Russia's invasion.

Ukraine's membership bid will be high on agenda at Tuesday's Nato summit.

All 31 Nato members attending the summit in Vilnius, Lithuania, agree that Ukraine cannot join the military alliance during the war - amid fears this would lead to a direct conflict with Russia.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has himself said he does not expect Kyiv to join the bloc until after the war - but he wants the summit to give a "clear signal" on Ukraine's bid.

Several Nato members in Eastern Europe are pressing for a fast-track membership for their neighbour - but others, including the US, are seen as more hesitant, fearing this could lead to a direct conflict with nuclear-armed Russia.

Speaking to CNN, President Biden said Ukraine's membership bid was "premature".

Referring to the US pledge of cluster bombs for Ukraine - something which caused unease among Nato allies - Mr Sunak's official spokesman said it "was a difficult choice for the US".

But the spokesman added that the decision had been "forced on them by Russia's war of aggression".

The weapons have been banned by more than 100 countries, including the UK, because of the danger they pose to civilians.

The spokesman said Sunak was upholding the UK's requirements under an international convention banning the weapons.

The US says it has received Ukraine's reassurance that the munitions will not be used in Russia or in urban areas.

President Biden also held separate talks on Monday with King Charles at Windsor Castle - the pair's first meeting since the King was formally crowned in May.

Mr Biden received a royal salute and listened to the US national anthem performed by the Welsh Guards before entering the castle for the talks.

King Charles and US President Joe Biden inspect the Guard of Honour at Windsor Castle

An extra RAF evacuation flight for British nationals still trapped in Sudan was due to depart on Monday.

Foreign NHS staff and their dependants with the right to live in Britain were also eligible for what is being billed as the last UK airlift from Sudan.

The UK has so far carried 2,122 people on 23 flights.

People needed to reach to the airport in coastal city Port Sudan, 500 miles from capital Khartoum where previous planes took off, by noon local time.

The Foreign Office would not confirm whether the plane had taken off. But flight tracking websites showed a Royal Air Force Hercules transport aircraft departed Port Sudan New International Airport at 18:43 local time (17:43 BST).

Another flight, an RAF Atlas transport plane, was due to leave at 20:25 local time (19:25 BST).

Foreign Office minister Andrew Mitchell warned on Saturday that the UK "can't stay [in Sudan] forever" as the security situation continued to deteriorate.

Airstrikes and fighting have been reported over the weekend despite a ceasefire between rival army factions.

Tens of thousands of people have fled the country since fighting engulfed the country more than two weeks ago.

The capital city Khartoum has seen the heaviest fighting, with the Sudanese military and the Rapid Support Forces, a powerful paramilitary group, fighting for control of the country.

Sudan's military said on Saturday it was launching a major new offensive against RSF positions in Khartoum.

The latest truce, which has not held, was due to end at midnight on Sunday. But the RSF said the ceasefire had been extended for another three days.

British security services had been scoping out Port Sudan as an alternative evacuation site since the beginning of the week, and have established a limited diplomatic presence there.

The British Ambassador to Sudan is leading the UK's regional response from Addis Ababa in neighbouring Ethiopia.

The FCDO said the dependants of British nationals and NHS staff, who have leave to enter the UK, would also be allowed on the flight.

The UK government on Friday announced non-British NHS staff in Sudan could catch evacuation flights out of the country, in a U-turn on its previous policy.

Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: "I am grateful to our armed forces who have ensured there was an alternative to Wadi Saeedna and who are currently supporting FCDO and Border Force staff to facilitate the rescue effort."

A Royal Navy frigate - the HMS Lancaster - and Royal Air Force personnel are in Port Sudan, Mr Wallace added.

Another British vessel - the RFA Cardigan Bay - is on its way to Sudan and would also be able to provide humanitarian support, the BBC has been told.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Baby meets father for first time after evacuation from Sudan to UK

The UK initially faced criticism for starting its evacuation after other countries, including European nations which rescued hundreds before the first British airlift took place.

A separate operation days earlier saw special forces troops evacuate UK diplomats from Khartoum after fighting broke out around the embassy.

But a Foreign Office spokesperson said the UK's Sudan evacuation had grown to become "the largest of any Western country".

The UN's top humanitarian official, Martin Griffiths, says he is travelling to Sudan to co-ordinate the international aid effort, and would be looking to bring immediate relief to millions of people who have fled their homes.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Seven Just Stop Oil protesters have been arrested while trying to halt the annual Pride parade in central London.

Images on social media showed police removing demonstrators who managed to briefly stop the march.

The Metropolitan Police said seven people were arrested for public nuisance offences.

Before the parade started, LGBTQ+ Just Stop Oil members called on Pride to stop accepting sponsorship money from "high-polluting industries".

Organisers estimate more than 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade.

Speaking after the arrests, Will De'Athe-Morris, from Pride in London said he did not want the protest to overshadow the parade's core message.

"Pride is a protest and pride is a celebration," he told the BBC. "We are protesting for LGBT+ rights and for our trans siblings, who must never march alone."

"So for us anyone who tries to disrupt that protest and parade is really letting down those people who use this space once a year to come together to celebrate and protest for those rights."

Protesters stopped in front of a Coca-Cola float in Piccadilly

Police said the parade was briefly delayed for around 17 minutes while officers dealt with the protesters at Piccadilly's junction with Down Street.

BBC Radio London's Rob Oxley said the protesters "sat down in front of the Coke float for around 20 minutes".

"The DJ on the float continued to play music and the crowd cheered as they were removed."

Organisers estimated around 30,000 participants from across 600 organisations took part in the parade

Before the parade started, LGBTQ+ members of Just Stop Oil called on organisers to condemn new oil, gas and coal licences.

"These partnerships embarrass the LGBTQ+ community at a time when much of the cultural world is rejecting ties to these toxic industries," they said in a statement.

LGBTQ+ people are "suffering first" in the "accelerating social breakdown" caused by climate change, they added.

Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, says many people involved in the parade are passionate about tackling climate change, but disruption isn't the right approach

The procession started at midday at Hyde Park Corner and people peacefully made their way through Westminster's streets - it finished at Whitehall Place.

A number of stages hosted performances from LGBTQ+ acts as part of the celebrations.

The parade began at Hyde Park Corner and weaved its way through central London - it is due to end at Whitehall Place

Mr De'Athe-Morris urged protesters not to "rain on this parade".

"There are so many more opportunities during the year to share your messages, please don't try and rain on this parade," he said.

"We don't want to see a day marred in any way by people trying to disrupt it."

Earlier, Sadiq Khan described Just Stop Oil as a "really important pressure group" despite the disruption threats.

For almost two decades James Nutley's parents have lived with unanswered questions over his disappearance

The parents of a man who has been missing for almost 19 years say they hope renewed interest in the case could finally bring them answers.

James Nutley, 25, disappeared while on a golfing trip in Tenby, Pembrokeshire, on 24 October 2004.

After visiting three pubs he was captured on CCTV near the Giltar Hotel where he was staying at 23:57, but what happened after that remains a mystery.

"It is hanging over you all the time," said his father Jeffrey.

"We were thinking 'he'll turn up in a day or two' - 20 years later we're still thinking 'where is he?'."

James's parents Catherine and Jeffrey Nutley said they had not given up hope of one day being reunited with their son

At the time of his disappearance, James was living at the family home in Caldicot, Monmouthshire, with his parents and sister.

His parents do not believe he would have taken his own life, saying their "golf-mad" son seemed very happy and had been working his "dream job" demonstrating golf clubs.

Catherine recalled her son excitedly rushing out of the house to leave for the trip with no idea of what was to come.

She first realised something was wrong when her sister and a friend came to see her at work.

"My sister said 'James has gone missing in Tenby'," she recalled.

James was captured on CCTV shortly before he vanished

"That was it, get your things, come home, Jeffrey had had the phone call as well and he was in a bit of a state."

She immediately headed for Tenby, with Jeffrey staying at home by the landline in case James called.

By the time she arrived the search was well under way.

"I think we were just numbed," she said.

Catherine was told James' possessions - including his driving licence - had been found on the seaside town's South Beach.

James was on a golfing trip when he went missing in Tenby

The police search eventually went cold and there have been few breakthroughs over the years.

Over the past 19 years the family have faced the agony of numerous false leads and even a false murder confession.

James's parents said he was happy and content and work before he went missing

"We just had a phone call…. 'this is inspector so and so… we're coming up'," said Catherine.

"He sat down and said 'we've had some developments and this person has claimed that he murdered James'."

The family were told Richard Fairbrass had given police extensive details about how he and his girlfriend had carried out the murder and thrown James's body into the sea at Stack Rocks.

Since James's disappearance his sister (pictured) has had two children, making him an uncle

He later confessed to inventing the whole story and in 2006 was jailed for two years for attempting to pervert the course of justice.

"It set us back a bit, it didn't do us any good at all," said Jeffrey.

James is from a family of keen golfers

Recently the couple have been interviewed for podcast The Missing, which focuses on long-term missing people cases and asks listeners to become part of the search.

It has prompted renewed interest in the case.

So what do Catherine and Jeffrey think happened to their son that night?

The couple said James (second from left) was full of life and enjoyed telling a good story

"Had James arranged to meet someone to go off to a different life? Or did someone abduct him? There's still questions," said Catherine.

"We did keep thinking 'he's most likely in Spain now lying on a beach'… we still do, until someone tells us differently he could be in Spain," said Jeffrey.

There have been times over the years where the couple have thought they have spotted James through a window or in a restaurant - but all have come to nothing.

James always looked smart in a suit, his dad Jeffrey said

Catherine said every time she sees a man begging on the street she takes a close look on the off-chance it is her son.

They are not giving up hope. Despite the passing years they believe it is still possible they will be reunited with their son one day.

"Well you can't give up can you, until someone tells us differently," said Jeffrey.

"Someone said we should have a memorial service. I said: 'What? Why? You can't have a service when we don't know where he is'."

"You've got no headstone," said Catherine.

"You can't grieve because there's no-one there."

Catherine and Jeffrey have collected dozens of press cuttings they have collected over the years

The couple said they had had to learn to get on with their lives while carrying the burden of not knowing what happened to their son.

"You always know that someone's missing," said Catherine.

"I say my prayers at night… 'please keep an eye on James, wherever he is'."

Olivia was shot when a gunman burst into her house and opened fire

The man accused of killing Olivia Pratt-Korbel is "probably one of the most hated people in the country" but he is not guilty, his barrister said.

Thomas Cashman is accused of murdering Olivia, 9, and injuring her mother Cheryl after chasing a man into their home in Liverpool on 22 August.

John Cooper KC, defending, accused prosecutors of having "temerity" to suggest Mr Cashman, 34, was trying to pull the wool over the jury's eyes.

Manchester Crown Court has heard the defendant shot convicted drug dealer Joseph Nee, 36, in the street, before his victim fled into Ms Korbel's home as she tried to block his entry.

The jury has heard Mr Cashman fired again, with the bullet travelling through Ms Korbel's hand before hitting and killing her daughter behind her.

In his closing speech, Mr Cooper said: "The suggestions are easy to make because the defendant is sitting in the dock, the only person there, probably one of the most hated people in the country."

During his evidence, Mr Cashman told the jury he was a "high-level" cannabis dealer in the Dovecot area.

Mr Cooper said: "I'm not putting Cashman to you as an angel, far from it.

"I don't necessarily even have to like the guy, neither do you. We'll never talk again after this trial, we're not mates.

"It's a matter of doing my job and you doing your job."

Thomas Cashman says he was not the gunman who fatally shot Olivia Pratt-Korbel

Mr Cooper said the family of Mr Nee, the intended target of the shooting, "had their enemies" and there were other people who wanted him dead.

He said: "When Tommy Cashman says to you, 'It wasn't me', it therefore must have been someone else - that's not pie in the sky, we submit, it's based on fact."

He said a woman who claimed that after the shooting Mr Cashman came to her house, where she heard him say he had "done Joey" was telling "downright lies".

Mr Cooper said the defendant had had a "sordid relationship" with the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, but was "never ever" going to leave his fiancée for her.

He said: "He was never going to play any meaningful part in her life - that obviously was not what she wanted to hear."

In his closing remarks, Mr Cooper said: "The defence have done their best now to show you the evidence for what it is.

"We ask you to carefully look at it and to conclude that on all counts this defendant is not guilty."

Mr Cashman, of Grenadier Drive, West Derby, Liverpool, denies murdering Olivia, the attempted murder of Mr Nee, wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm to Ms Korbel, and two counts of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Mauricio Pochettino: Chelsea agree deal to appoint ex-Tottenham boss as new manager Last updated on .From the section Chelsea

Former Argentina defender Pochettino has managed Espanyol, Tottenham and PSG Chelsea have agreed terms to make former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino their new manager. He will join the club in the summer, with Frank Lampard remaining as interim manager until the end of the season. Pochettino, who has also managed Southampton, has been out of work since Paris St-Germain replaced him with Christophe Galtier in summer 2022. The 51-year-old Argentine managed Spurs for five years from 2014 and led them to the 2019 Champions League final.
• None Balague: Chelsea are in turmoil - why has Pochettino chosen them?
• None Quiz: Can you name all of the Blues' Premier League managers? Pochettino will be Chelsea's sixth permanent manager in five years, following the sacking of Thomas Tuchel and Graham Potter earlier this season. Lampard took interim charge of the Blues at the start of April following Potter's dismissal. Chelsea have had a difficult season, losing to Manchester City in the third round of both the FA Cup and League Cup. They also lost to Real Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Champions League, which ended any viable hopes of them qualifying for Europe next season. They are currently 11th in the Premier League, having won just one of their past 11 games, losing eight of them. Pochettino had been linked with a return to Tottenham after they parted company with Antonio Conte in March. He guided Spurs to the League Cup final in 2015 and a Premier League runners-up spot in 2016-17, with his side missing out on winning both to Chelsea. Following his stint at Tottenham, Pochettino took over from Tuchel at PSG in January 2021. The French club finished second in Ligue 1 at the end of the 2020-21 campaign but did win the Coupe de France and the Trophee des Champions, which were the first trophies of Pochettino's managerial career. Pochettino started his managerial career with Espanyol before his 16-month spell at Southampton. Pochettino wants a team fans can 'fall in love with' - Balague In April, Spanish football expert Guillem Balague told BBC's Football Focus that the Argentine was approached in September as a possible replacement for Tuchel, but turned the club down before they appointed Potter. "It was a different time where I think Chelsea had made up their mind on Potter, and Pochettino sensed that," said Balague. "Now it feels like the club is ready for him. Before, the fans were missing Tuchel, who won them the Champions League the year before. "But the fans and the club are wanting him to arrive." Balague believes Pochettino wants to produce a team Chelsea fans can "fall in love with". "He wants a team that presses, that is aggressive - he wants players that know they have to fight to get into the starting XI," Balague added. "He is obviously going to have to trim the squad and those players that stay will have to fight for their place and know that nothing is guaranteed."
• None Listen to the latest The Far Post podcast
• None Our coverage of Chelsea is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Chelsea - go straight to all the best content

The judge ruled that he was satisfied that Mr Adams meets the test for compensation

Gerry Adams was wrongly denied compensation after his convictions for trying to escape from prison in the 1970s were quashed, the High Court has ruled.

The former Sinn Féin president won an appeal to have two historical convictions overturned in 2020.

Mr Justice Colton said he was satisfied that Mr Adams meets the test for compensation.

He also ordered the Department of Justice to reconsider Mr Adams's application.

Mr Adams had been found guilty of two attempts to escape from lawful custody while being held at the Maze Prison - then known as Long Kesh internment camp - in 1973 and 1974.

He was in jail because he had been interned without trial, a practice that was introduced in Northern Ireland amid spiralling violence in the early 1970s.

More than 1,900 people suspected of being members of paramilitary organisations were detained, but many were arrested based on flawed intelligence.

Mr Adams, who has consistently denied being a member of the Irish Republican Army (IRA), was later sentenced to a total of four-and-a-half years in jail.

In 2020, the Supreme Court ruled that his detention had been unlawful and quashed both convictions.

The interim custody order (ICO) used to initially detain him was held to be invalid because the then-Northern Ireland secretary, Willie Whitelaw, had not personally authorised it.

Mr Adams issued judicial review proceedings after a subsequent application for compensation was turned down.

Under the statutory scheme, payment for a miscarriage of justice is made in cases where "a new or newly-discovered fact" shows the person did not commit the offence, which lawyers representing Mr Adams argued he qualifies under based on new circumstances established by the Supreme Court.

Mr Adams' lawyer said the newly-discovered fact in this case was the confirmation that "there was no personal consideration by the secretary of state, and that (another) minister of state signed the ICO without authorisation to do so".

"If the applicant was not lawfully detained, he did not commit the offence he was convicted of.

"The newly-discovered fact led to the quashing of these convictions," he added.

A lawyer for the Department of Justice had argued it was the analysis of a legal point which led to the guilty verdicts being overturned, rather than a new or newly-discovered fact.

The judge stressed that both counsels were unaware of the factual situation surrounding the invalid ICO.

"The applicant has been convicted of a criminal offence, his conviction has been reversed in circumstances where a newly-discovered fact, the lack of consideration by the secretary of state, shows beyond reasonable doubt that there has been a miscarriage of justice, that is the applicant is innocent of the crime for which he was convicted," he said.

He concluded that the Department of Justice had "erred in law" in determining that the reversal of Mr Adams's conviction arose from a legal ruling on facts, something which he said had been known all along.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. North Wales Police said the incident is being "fully investigated"

A police officer who was filmed seemingly punching a man nine times while restraining him has been suspended by North Wales Police.

The incident occurred during the arrest of a man, 34, in Porthmadog, Gwynedd, north-west Wales, on Wednesday.

In the footage, a male officer was seen with his arm around the man's neck and appeared to punch him in the face.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said it had launched an independent investigation.

North Wales Police said on Thursday the matter was being "fully investigated".

The man who was being arrested has been released on bail, the force said.

The video appeared to show the suspect being taken to the ground by a male and female officer after a brief altercation.

Separate footage showed the man being led to a police vehicle with a swollen and bruised face.

Nuria Sajjad was said by family members to have "embodied joy, kindness and generosity"

A second girl has died from her injuries after a car crashed into a school in south-west London on Thursday.

The Metropolitan Police has named eight-year-old Nuria Sajjad as the second victim.

Selena Lau, eight, also died after the incident in Wimbledon.

In a statement released by the police on Sunday, Nuria's family described her as the "light of our lives".

She "embodied joy, kindness and generosity and she was loved by all around her," the statement added.

Nuria's family said they were announcing the news with "profound sorrow", and made a request for privacy.

They also thanked emergency services and those working at St George's Hospital, as well as the parents of Nuria's classmates and school staff, "for all they have done to ease Nuria's journey".

Several people were taken to hospital after the crash at The Study Preparatory School, which involved a Land Rover.

Tributes were paid to Selena after her death was announced on Thursday.

Family members described her as an "intelligent and cheeky girl" who was "adored and loved by everyone".

Scores of people have visited the school over the weekend

Parents and children have been visiting the school over the weekend to lay flowers and pay their respects.

Merton Council said it was offering counselling to the families affected, as well as pupils and staff at the school.

A woman in her 40s remains in a serious condition in hospital.

The driver of the vehicle - a 46-year-old woman - has been bailed until late July, having been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Officers have asked the public to avoid speculation while an investigation is carried out, but have said they are not treating the crash as terror-related.

Thirty-five police vehicles were sent to the scene, and officers teamed up with paramedics to give first aid to a number of people who were injured.

An end-of-term tea party had been taking place at the school when the vehicle crashed through the fence and into a building.

London Ambulance Service said it sent 15 ambulances to the scene and treated 16 people.

The private girls' school is just a mile away from the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, which has been hosting the world-famous Wimbledon tennis tournament.

The school is now closed until September.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

In the UK, it is up to individual head teachers to decide if smartphones can be used in schools

The United Nations has warned of the risks of smartphones in schools, stating "only technology that supports learning" is merited in schools.

Mobile devices can cause distraction, risk pupil privacy and lead to cyber-bullying says Unesco, the UN's education, science and culture agency.

But less than one-in-four countries have laws or policies banning phones in schools, the report found.

In the UK, head teachers set the rules but restrictions apply in most schools.

Manos Antoninis, the author of the 2023 Global Education Monitor report, told the BBC their study found "examples of smartphone use in school that is distracting students from learning and increasing risks to their privacy at the same time".

"Only technology that supports learning has a place in school," he said.

Students should not be shielded from technology entirely, Mr Antoninis said, but countries needed to give better guidance on what type of technology should be allowed in school.

Several studies have shown that banning mobile phones from schools improves academic performance, the report notes.

Lexi, 16, said her previous head teacher allowed the educational use of phones in school, but said students would often use them for social media instead, or as well.

She argued that while smartphones could be used for bullying, they could also help create a sense of connection.

"I can see how phones can have a damaging effect on the person being bullied and their mental health. But, speaking of mental health, phones can provide a good social connection.

"If you're having a rough time with anything, then you should have the right to talk to someone," she told the BBC.

In 2021, the then-education secretary, Gavin Williamson, called for a ban on mobile phones in schools in England, but current Department for Education (DfE) guidance says it is up to head teachers to decide if mobile phones can be used during the school day.

However, it warns allowing access to mobiles in school introduces risks, including distraction, disruption, bullying and abuse, and can be detrimental to learning.

"Head teachers should consider restricting or prohibiting mobile phones to reduce these risks," DfE guidance states.

In June, a parents association for eight primary schools in Ireland introduced a voluntary ban on smartphones for children in the home or at school, the BBC's Newsround reported.

Speaking to Newsround, one 14-year old - who had only recently been given their first phone - said giving phones to children as young as eight was "ridiculous".

"Some parents put restrictions on phones, but some don't - and then they can be seeing really inappropriate things."

But others countered that mobile phones were useful for contacting parents, saying banning home use was excessive.

In 2017, Bangladesh banned both students and teachers in schools and colleges from bringing mobile phones into classrooms.

France also has a ban but makes exceptions for certain groups of students, for example those with disabilities, or when smartphones are used for teaching.

And next year the Netherlands will mostly ban mobile phones, tablets and smartwatches from secondary school classrooms.

However, Sarah Hannafin, head of policy at school leaders' union NAHT said a ban on mobiles might work for some schools but in others could cause more problems than it solved, "leading to pupils becoming more secretive about their phone use meaning problems are hidden from staff and therefore more difficult to spot and address".

"There are also practical reasons why pupils may need a mobile phone such as while travelling to and from school".

Schools helped to prepare young people for the outside world, including managing screen time, she said.

"Individual schools know their pupils and communities so are best placed to develop their own policies when it comes to mobile phones."

The streets of Khartoum have been described as like a "ghost town" by some

After fighting had rocked their home city, Khartoum, for more than a week, Dallia Mohamed Abdelmoniem and her family made the "gut-wrenching" decision to leave.

They had originally planned to escape on 19 April, but their cars had been vandalised in the fighting that had taken place near their home. The next day, relatives came and helped them move to the city's outskirts.

From there they would have to make a choice - make the 1,000km (620-mile) trip north to the Egyptian border, then onwards to Cairo, or the slightly shorter 850km journey north-east to Port Sudan, on the Red Sea.

With fighting between the army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) taking place across much of the country, both routes would be risky.

"We decided not to try Egypt because of the length of the trip - we had kids and elderly people with us, so it didn't make sense," she told the BBC, referring to their travelling party that was made up of 23 family members.

With thousands going to Egypt, they were also worried about hold-ups at the border - with family members in Port Sudan, they went there instead.

"It took so long because the bus driver said he wasn't taking any risks; he didn't want to meet any RSF fighters, so he took the long way round," she said.

They did manage to avoid RSF fighters, although there were army checkpoints every few hours.

"I must say they were very civil, they just wanted to make sure we were family and there were no RSF fighters hiding among us," she said.

Despite the turmoil the country is facing - more than 3,500 wounded and at least 400 killed, although the death toll is thought to be much higher - Ms Abdelmoniem said there were uplifting moments along the way, notably when a group of people living by the side of the road rushed to their bus to offer them drinks, snacks and good luck messages for their journey.

"It is the one positive memory I will have of this time - and a reminder that we are nothing to do with the fighting and suffering our country is facing," she said.

Their bus arrived at Port Sudan on Monday evening, where things were "very calm", she said.

"It's like being on a completely different planet to Khartoum - you wouldn't think there are any issues here."

A view of the road between Khartoum and Port Sudan

But their journey is far from over. Ms Abdelmoniem thinks the fighting will cause the country to plunge further into chaos in the weeks and months ahead.

Sudan already has an "acute" shortage of food, water, medicine and fuel, as well as limited access to electricity and communications, Madiha Raza, from the International Rescue Committee, told the BBC.

"Prices of essential items are increasing substantially because of shortages", and humanitarian operations have been suspended, Ms Raza said.

Ms Abdelmoniem thinks the situation "will get desperate" and is planning to take her mother to a safe country, before returning to Sudan when it is safe to do so.

"I don't want to become a refugee, I want to come back - I call myself temporarily displaced," she said.

Asked how she felt about having to leave her home, she described it as "one of the worst feelings I have experienced - I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy".

"I don't know when I will go back, and I don't know if my house will still be standing. That's not a feeling I would wish on anyone. It's horrible, it's gut-wrenching," she said.

With much of the fighting centred around Khartoum, many residents have chosen to leave, although it is currently difficult to say how many.

Many others have chosen to stay, however - although that has not been an easy decision either.

Tagreed Abdin is one of those choosing to remain in the capital, despite being able to hear the fighting from her home.

Speaking to the BBC by phone over a crackly line on Tuesday, she had to pause the interview halfway through as she heard fighting and shelling outside - despite a ceasefire, the fourth since fighting began, starting hours earlier.

Ms Abdin said she feels safer at home than on the streets, where she has heard stories - and seen videos online - of people being "attacked, robbed, or worse".

There are also reports of corpses of dead soldiers lining the streets, and widespread looting.

"We have electricity and power right now - so we feel that home is safer than venturing out," she said, although she added that a few days ago that feeling of safety was shaken when a nearby apartment building was struck in the fighting.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"We're in survival mode," she said of her family's life at home, adding that they currently have power and running water.

"We're hoping and praying for the power to stay on," she said.

There are also logistical challenges with leaving, with bus ticket prices skyrocketing. She said one bus journey that cost $20 (£16) before the fighting began is now $300, while there are also concerns about visas for her husband and teenage sons if they make it to the Egyptian border.

"So for us it's not a case of 'pack your bags and run' - that might be the case for some people, but it's not for us," she said.

She added that she wanted to send a message to those fighting - to "keep civilians out of this".

"If there is any type of agreement reached, or any external pressure, then it must be to guarantee the lives and safety of the Sudanese people," she said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "You cash in on sexual violence against women" - Tang Zhuoran questioned by BBC reporter Zhaoyin Feng

Women who are groped on trains in East Asia face the further threat of their assault being filmed and uploaded for sale online. In a year-long investigation, the BBC World Service's investigative unit, BBC Eye, has gone undercover to unmask the men cashing in on sexual violence.

It was the morning rush hour in Tokyo. The train was packed and rocky.

Takako (not her real name) was on her way to school. The 15-year-old tried to hold on to a grab bar.

Suddenly, she felt a hand pressing on her behind. She thought someone had accidentally bumped into her.

But the hand started to grope her.

"That's when I finally realised - it was molestation," Takako recalls.

The hand quickly disappeared in the crowd. "I couldn't do anything about it." She arrived at school in tears that day.

That was her first time being sexually assaulted on public transport, but Takako was molested almost daily for more than a year on her commute. On countless nights, she went to bed crying. "I felt like there was no hope in my life," she says.

Takako. who was sexually assaulted many times as a teenager, wears a badge that warns off potential attackers

Many women like Takako are targeted in public by sexual predators. In some cases, they face another violation - the attack is filmed and the videos are sold online.

Most videos follow the same pattern - a man secretly films a woman from behind and follows her on to a train. Seconds later, he sexually abuses her. The men act discreetly, and their victims can seem totally unaware. These graphic videos are then listed on the websites for sale.

In a year-long investigation, we traced the men behind three websites which sell and produce thousands of these sexual assault videos.

Encountering sexual abuse almost daily, Takako found herself unable to speak up during the act due to fear and shame. But every night, she covered her mouth with a towel and repeatedly practised in front of the mirror how to call out a harasser: "This person is a 'Chikan'!"

"Chikan" is a Japanese term describing sexual assault in public, especially groping on public transport. It also describes the offenders themselves.

Chikan perpetrators typically take advantage of crowds, and the victims' fear of causing a scene. In Japan, speaking too directly and openly may be seen as rude.

Thousands of arrests are made every year for Chikan offences, but many more go undetected and unpunished. Saito Akiyoshi, mental health professional and author of a book about Chikan, says that only about 10% of victims report the crime.

The Japanese police encourage victims and eyewitnesses to speak up, but the crime is far from being eradicated. The problem is so widespread that even the UK and Canadian governments warn travellers to Japan about it.

Chikan has been normalised by its prominence in Japan's adult entertainment industry. One of the most popular types of pornography in the country - the Chikan genre - has spread to other Asian countries.

The metro trains in Tokyo become incredibly crowded at certain points of the day

One Chinese-language website called DingBuZhu (which means "I can't hold it" in Chinese) immediately caught our attention.

It's a marketplace for Chikan videos, filmed secretly on mobile phones in crowded public places, such as trains and buses. They are shot across East Asia, including Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong and mainland China.

Some videos cost less than a dollar. The site even once allowed users to order tailor-made abuse videos.

We also found links on DingBuZhu to two other websites - Chihan and Jieshe - with the same type of content.

There is a Telegram group with 4,000 members who share tips on how to sexually abuse women.

One name kept coming up on the Chikan websites - "Uncle Qi".

He was hailed as the guru in this community. Dozens of abuse videos were labelled as his work. On Twitter, he put up teasers of the websites' videos to his 80,000 followers. But who was he?

The Telegram group we had been monitoring revealed a clue. One day, an admin claimed in a series of messages that he had abused a woman with Uncle Qi.

The messages were accompanied by photos of a woman standing on what appeared to be a metro platform.

Within hours, we found a match for the location - Ikebukuro station in Tokyo.

BBC Eye investigates websites selling thousands of videos of men sexually assaulting women on trains, buses and other crowded public places across East Asia.

Watch on BBC iPlayer now (UK only), or on BBC Three at 22:50 BST on Thursday 8 June

And there were more leads pointing us to Japan.

The websites listed a Paypal account receiving Japanese yen which was linked to a Gmail address. When we put the address through Google Contacts, the profile picture that came up was a young man with an elaborate hairstyle and theatrical makeup.

A reverse image search put a name to the face - Noctis Zang, a 30-year-old Chinese-born singer living in Tokyo. He was the frontman of a metal band called The Versus.

An internet search revealed the name of Noctis Zang, a Chinese rock singer

Noctis had a glamorous public image, but we soon found something hidden behind it.

In early 2022, The Versus' photographer had alleged on Chinese social media platform Weibo that Noctis built "porn websites" alongside another band member, Lupus Fu.

He had posted pictures of a notebook, which showed some accounting and video categories similar to those on the websites. The photographer had also posted a video which appeared to show Noctis's browsing history, with links to Chihan, Jieshe and the admin pages of DingBuZhu.

Could this rock singer be Uncle Qi?

Posing as a music talent scout called Ian, our undercover journalist met Noctis at a fancy rooftop bar in Tokyo.

They first talked about music, but the chat soon moved on to the subject of sex. When Ian said his company used to make porn films, Noctis's eyes lit up.

The two met several more times, and they even celebrated Noctis's birthday together.

Noctis introduced Ian to his fellow band member Lupus Fu, whose name had been mentioned by The Versus' photographer. Lupus, also from China, was studying sociology in Japan.

Ian said his company planned to invest in porn sites and asked if they knew anything about this business.

Our undercover reporter, Ian, met key figures linked to one of the abuse video sites in a Tokyo bar

Noctis confessed he had "some exposure" through a friend, "Maomi", who had created his own porn sites with "metro" content.

Lupus and Noctis both laughed: "That's Maomi's website!"

They revealed that the person behind the Chikan websites was a Chinese man in Tokyo nicknamed Maomi. They said Maomi was reclusive and paranoid.

Noctis and Lupus also admitted that they played admin roles for the websites.

They spelled out their business model.

"In China, sex is the most suppressed," Noctis said, "Some men are very perverted, they just want to see women getting…" Lupus finished the sentence: "screwed over."

Lupus said he was in charge of promoting abuse videos on Twitter. Noctis revealed that he had uploaded more than 5,000 videos on the websites, received payments for the business and taken 30% of revenue. The rest he had transferred to Maomi.

Lupus also said he could help connect Ian to Maomi.

On a quiet back street in the red-light district of Yokohama, a storefront decorated like a metro station catches your eyes. A sign spells out its concept: "legal Chikan trains".

In this sex club, called Rush Hour, customers can pay to enjoy the Chikan experience legally.

Its manager Hasuda Shuhei welcomes us on board. "We let people do things that can't be done outside. That's why people come here."

Inside, a sickly-sweet smell of cleaning products permeates the air. Private rooms are decorated like train carriages and equipped with a sound system that plays train announcements. Even the club's membership cards look exactly like Japan's transportation cards.

Decorated like a train carriage, the Rush Hour sex club offers customers the chance to act out fantasies of public groping

"I think it's important for men to be able to pay to vent in place like this, so they don't commit rape and other forms of sexual assault," says Hasuda.

Mental health professional Saito says that the matter is not as straightforward as Hasuda claims. He says that most Chikan perpetrators are aroused by the idea of domination over and humiliation of their victims.

"They do not treat their victims as equals, but as objects."

It's an opinion that rings true with Takako.

After months of assaults, she fought back one day. As she felt a hand reach for her skirt in a packed train carriage, Takako shouted at the top of her lungs and grabbed the assaulter by his wrist.

Takako took the man to court, where he only got a suspended sentence, even though he had previously been caught for Chikan offences.

Disappointed by the outcome of her case, Takako went on to start an anti-Chikan campaign, producing colourful badges reading "Chikan is a crime!" People can wear them to show they will not keep silent.

"It's a deterrent for criminals," says Takako, who is now 24. There is now an annual anti-Chikan badge design contest among Japanese high school students.

Campaigners make anti-Chikan badges to raise awareness of sexual assaults on public transport

Maomi means "kitty cat" in Chinese. However, Lupus said his personality was more like a hamster. "He's harmless, but cautious of everything and he sometimes overreacts."

Lupus was right. Maomi repeatedly refused to meet Ian.

But on Chinese New Year's Eve, Ian's luck changed. Maomi agreed to a meeting at a karaoke bar.

The air was thick with cigarette smoke, the sound of clinking glasses and Chinese pop songs.

The person who turned up was not who we expected. A skinny young man wearing half-rim glasses and a dark trench coat, Maomi looked like he could be a college student. He said he was 27.

Showing an interest in investing in his business, Ian asked how much he made.

"Our daily turnover is around 5,000-10,000 Chinese Yuan (US$700-$1,400; £565-£1,130)," Maomi said proudly, showing the transactions on his phone. "Very stable income, right?"

Ian acted impressed, and mentioned the name Uncle Qi.

But to our surprise, he revealed Uncle Qi was not just one person.

He managed a team of 15 people, including 10 in China who made videos under the same name. Maomi received 30 to 100 videos from them each month.

The videos were then sold on the three websites which Maomi confirmed he owned. They had more than 10,000 paying members, mostly Chinese men.

"The key is to be authentic. It has to be real," Maomi said. He later told us his websites even sold videos of drug-facilitated rape.

Maomi talked about his business as though it were any other budding start-up. He described his team as "passionate" and "brave". He even casually mentioned he had been training others to carry out and film sexual assaults.

But there was one thing he never mentioned - the women in his videos. It was as if they didn't matter to him at all.

We wanted to know Maomi's real identity. At another meeting with Ian, he opened up about how he got into this business.

Like many boys, Maomi liked Superman, anime and video games growing up. But when he was 14, he started watching sexual assault videos like the ones he sold now.

He knew his business was not risk-free.

"I am so cautious," Maomi said. "Safety first." To avoid scrutiny from the Chinese authorities, he planned to naturalise as a Japanese citizen.

However, as careful as Maomi was, he made a mistake.

When Ian asked where to send the investment funds, Maomi pulled out his bank card and handed it to Ian.

The card revealed his real name - Tang Zhuoran.

Later, we confronted Maomi with our allegations.

As we approached, he tried to cover his face and walked away. And all of a sudden, he snapped, hitting out at our camera and crew.

The next day, by coincidence, we spotted Maomi at the airport. He was leaving Japan.

Uncle Qi's Twitter account, where he openly promotes the abuse videos, is still active.

Twitter did not respond to our request for comment. Instead, they sent us a poo emoji, which has been an automatic reply to any inquiry directed to their press email since March.

We also put our allegations to Noctis and Lupus. They did not respond. We have since learned they no longer work with Maomi.

On a spring day, we meet up with Takako to tell her about our investigation. Appalled, she says: "We women are just content in their videos. They see us as objects. They don't think we have a heart."

Takako advocates for tougher laws against these crimes.

Japan is set to reform its sexual assault laws. However, campaigners say these changes don't go far enough.

But Takako will not give up. "We will not cry ourselves to sleep."

You can watch the full film in English on the BBC World Service YouTube channel.

If you are affected by the issues in this story you can contact the BBC Action Line.

Goldman Sachs will pay $215m (£170.5m) to settle claims that it discriminated against women, offering female staff lower pay and fewer opportunities.

The agreement comes a month before the long-running class-action lawsuit was due to come to trial.

It resolves claims from about 2,800 female staff who worked at the bank in the US.

Goldman will work with outside experts to analyse its pay patterns and methods of promotion as part of the deal.

"I have been proud to support this case without hesitation over the last nearly 13 years and believe this settlement will help the women I had in mind when I filed the case," said Shanna Orlich, one of the women who first filed the legal complaint.

The deal resolves a legal matter that has dogged the bank since 2010, when women stepped forward to accuse the Wall Street giant of a "boys club" work culture that hindered their advancement.

The fight provided a glimpse of the inner workings of the bank, which was accused of paying female vice presidents 20% less than their male peers, while tolerating incidents of sexual harassment.

Goldman has said it wants to increase the number of women among its more senior ranks, aiming to have women account for 40% of vice presidents by 2025.

About 29% of Goldman's partners and managing directors are currently women.

"After more than a decade of vigorous litigation, both parties have agreed to resolve this matter," said Jacqueline Arthur, Goldman Sachs' global head of human capital management.

She said the bank was committed "to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace for all our people".

Kelly Dermody, one of the lawyers who represented the women, called the settlement figure "substantial".

Women who worked for the bank's investment banking, investment management, or securities divisions in the US as far back as 2002 may be eligible to receive some of the money.

Allegations of pay discrimination against women have been rife, especially in industries such as finance and tech.

In the UK, where Goldman is required to report on pay by gender to the government, the typical man at the firm out-earned the typical women by at least 20% - far higher than the 9.4% gap found across the country. Those figures do not account for differences in position or rank.

Google last year paid $118m to resolve claims brought by 15,000 women, while video game company Riot Games in 2021 agreed to a $100m settlement in a suit involving about 2,300 women.

Amsterdam's council has banned cruise ships from the city centre as the Dutch capital tries to limit visitor numbers and curb pollution.

Politicians said the vessels were not in line with the city's sustainable ambitions.

It means the central cruise terminal on the River IJ near Amsterdam's main train station will close.

It is the latest measure to clamp down on mass tourism in the city.

Cruise ships have become a symbol of the problem, with more than 100 mooring in the capital every year.

The council has been trying to scrub up the city, banning cannabis smoking on the streets of the red-light district.

In March the city launched an online campaign urging young British men considering holding their bachelor parties in Amsterdam to stay away.

Amsterdam has become a victim of its own popularity, attracting 20 million annual visitors - some drawn by its party city reputation.

"Cruise ships in the centre of the city don't fit in with Amsterdam's task of cutting the number of tourists," said Ilana Rooderkerk of the liberal D66 party, which runs the city along with the Labour party and environmentalists.

Ms Rooderkerk recently compared cruise tourists to a type of "plague of locusts" descending all at once on the city.

Other Amsterdam officials have baulked at that kind of language. But Mayor Femke Halsema complained last year that cruise tourists were let loose for a couple of hours, ate at international chains and had no time to visit a museum, consuming the city but doing little for it.

The other key reason for removing cruise ships is to lower air pollution levels in Amsterdam. A 2021 study of one big cruise ship found that it had produced the same levels of nitrogen oxides (NOx) in one day as 30,000 trucks.

Other mooring sites away from the city centre have been under consideration for some time but no decision has yet been taken.

In a separate development, Amsterdam has announced plans to beef up night-time culture for young people.

The city has outlined its aim to find nightclub locations such as disused tunnels and garages to develop the talent of "creative young people who want to organise something at night".

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

American Kristopher Kortright, known as "Voltage", has been launching hacking operations against Russia since the invasion

A team of vigilante hackers carrying out cyber-attacks against Russia has been sent awards of gratitude by Ukraine's military.

The team, One Fist, has stolen data from Russian military firms and hacked cameras to spy on troops.

The certificates are a controversial sign of how modern warfare is shifting.

Concerns have been raised about the practice of states encouraging civilian hackers.

One of the hackers called "Voltage" has been co-ordinating hacks from his home in the US.

His real name is Kristopher Kortright and he is an IT worker from Michigan.

The 53-year-old told the BBC he is delighted his efforts for Ukraine have been officially recognised with a certificate of gratitude.

One Fist is made up of hackers from eight different countries including the UK, US and Poland. They have collectively launched dozens of cyber-attacks - celebrating each one on social media.

The certificates were sent to them all for "a significant contribution to the development and maintenance of vital activities of the military". They were signed by the commander of the Airborne Assault Forces of Ukraine.

Ukraine's Ministry of Defence did not respond to the BBC's request for comment.

Since the start of the conflict, Ukraine has controversially been encouraging volunteer hackers to attack Russian targets. But sending out official awards to foreign civilians is being seen as a controversial move and a sign of the times.

Although many nations, including the UK and the US, have official award systems for ethical hacking, this is thought to be the first time a country has awarded hackers for malicious and possibly criminal hacks.

In October, in response to the increase in vigilante hacking in Ukraine and in the Gaza conflict, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) warned against the use and encouragement of civilian hackers. It published guidelines to reinforce the ethos of the rules of war laid out in the existing Geneva Conventions.

A member of a Polish vigilante hacking gang called Squad 303 which has also carried out attacks on Russia

Dr Lukasz Olejnik, author of Philosophy of Cyber-security, said Ukraine's awards to foreign hackers are potentially problematic.

"Giving out awards may further blur the lines between combatants and civilians, and even undermine the recent call by the ICRC to limit and end the involvement of civilians in combat operations. In the long run, such an erosion is dangerous," he said.

Dr Olejnik also said it is a "testament of our times" that cyber is now considered as a domain of operations and that anyone can join the fight online.

Kristopher started hacking Russia when it launched the full-scale invasion in February 2022, and says he has devoted himself to the cause and sacrificed a lot.

"I've lost my job doing this and spent all my life savings in pursuit of a victory for Ukraine," he said from his home office. "This award is a real morale-booster," he said.

The awards do not state which cyber-attacks were most useful, but Voltage has three in mind as the most likely candidates.

At the start of the invasion in 2022, One Fist spent months mapping out the physical and cyber-locations of hundreds of publicly viewable CCTV cameras in Ukraine. It was discovered that Russian forces were using them to monitor troops, so his team helped get the cameras switched off.

Conversely, it was One Fist that hacked into cameras in occupied Crimea to catalogue Russian tanks and equipment being moved over the Kerch bridge.

One Fist hacked cameras to allow Ukraine to watch Russian equipment transport

And most recently, in January, Kristopher and others also successfully hacked into a prominent Russian weapons-maker and stole 100 gigabytes of private data, which led to a public celebration from the Ukrainian authorities.

"The array of information transferred to the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine contains drawings, specifications, patents, software referring to both existing and promising military developments," the announcement said.

Ukraine added that the data stolen was a "significant blow" to Moscow and worth $1.5bn (£1.2bn) - although it did not say how this figure was reached

The Ukraine conflict prompted a surge of cyber-activity - mostly from supporters of Ukraine. Groups like the Anonymous collective targeted Russia with disruptive and low-level hacks that Russia largely brushed off.

In some instances, TV and radio stations were hijacked and news websites defaced.

Russian authorities too have been accused of working with vigilante hacking groups like Killnet to attack Ukraine, but has never admitted having any relationship to the gangs.

Killnet's leader denies working with Russian authorities on hacks against Ukraine

Most of the vigilante hacking activity on both sides dissipated after the first year as the war ground on. But One Fist has kept attacking Russia and increasingly worked closely with the Ukrainian forces on choosing targets.

Emily Taylor, chief executive of Oxford Information Labs and editor of Chatham House Cyber Policy journal, agrees that the hacking awards are a landmark moment that might shift thinking about how cyber volunteers are used in conflicts.

"Governments usually discourage non-state actors from taking direct action in the cyber-domain, for fear of escalation or unintended consequences, but wartime is often a period of extraordinary technological innovation, and the Ukraine invasion is no exception," she said.

"Sometimes these events force a reconsideration of issues that have previously been taboo."

Kristopher says his team has built up a strong relationship with the Ukrainian military. "They send us ideas and we send them options but they don't ever give us any help or funding as I think that would cross some sort of line," he said.

Kristopher recognises that receiving military awards is controversial, but is determined to keep hacking for Ukraine.

The chancellor is expected to extend the Energy Price Guarantee at current levels for a further three months, the BBC understands.

Typical household energy bills were scheduled to rise to £3,000 a year from April, but calls have been made for the government to retain its current level of support with the cap at £2,500.

The level of help is now expected to be maintained, but energy firms have been asked to prepare for both scenarios.

At the moment, the government is limiting the typical household bill to £2,500 a year, plus a £400 winter discount.

From 1 April the help is scheduled to be scaled back, and the £400 discount will come to an end, which could push people's bills up despite the weather getting warmer.

Fuel poverty campaigners have said the number of households struggling to afford bills could rise from 6.7 million to 8.4 million as a result of the April rise.

However, industry sources told the BBC that some energy companies have already started amending future bills to reflect that energy help will continue at or very near to current levels beyond 1 April.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to date has declined to extend the support at the current rate, but experts have suggested it is increasingly likely he will change course, probably at the Budget on 15 March.

Mr Hunt told the BBC last month that the policy was "under review".

The Treasury was understood to be concerned that an open-ended commitment would leave British public finances significantly exposed to any further unexpected rise in global gas prices.

Instead the decrease in support will kick in in the summer, when it will not be needed, because the separate energy price cap is already anticipated to be lower as a result of declining market gas prices.

However, the £400 winter payment that has led to a £66 per month reduction in monthly payments on many bills does look likely to end next month.

There have been no talks about extending this element of support.

The Resolution Foundation think tank, which aims to improve living standards for people on low to middle incomes, and consumer rights champion Martin Lewis have both called on Mr Hunt to cancel the bills rise, as have opposition parties.

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said: "Families are really worried about prices soaring in April and so it's urgent the government gives them reassurance now, and extends the windfall tax on oil and gas giants to give them support for their energy bills as Labour would."

The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), an economics research institute, has forecast that the Treasury could afford to keep support at current levels until the summer due to wholesale energy prices falling sharply, meaning the cost of the scheme had been cut.

Energy UK, which represents suppliers, urged the government earlier this week to hold the level of support at £2,500 for a typical household and to "announce that quickly" so firms could price it into bills from April.

Energy Secretary Grant Shapps previously said he is "very sympathetic" to suggestions that the planned £500 rise in bills should be stopped.

However, there is an alternative view that money would be better spent by the government by targeting support for those on the lowest incomes - as is the case for cost-of-living payments - and in the winter.

"Vulnerable groups could benefit substantially from this extra funding if it was used in a more targeted way. And should those groups take precedence over universal payments to multiple homeowners and billionaires?" said Joe Malinowski, founder of comparison site Energyscanner.

There has been a drop in wholesale gas and electricity prices in recent weeks that has raised hopes that the worst of the energy crisis could be easing.

Bills began rising as Covid lockdowns ended but the war in Ukraine saw them surge further.

Without the government's Energy Price Guarantee to limit prices, a typical household's gas and electricity bill would have hit £4,279 a year from January under the energy price cap set by Ofgem, the industry regulator.

How is the rising cost of living changing how you live your life? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The mother of a nine-year-old girl who died following an asthma attack due to air pollution has said it is a relief Ulez will be expanded in London.

Rosamund Adoo-Kissi-Debrah lost her daughter, Ella, in 2013. The family had lived near a major road in Lewisham, south-east London.

A coroner concluded air pollution had contributed to Ella's death - making her the first person in the UK to have it listed as a cause of death.

Following today's ruling, Adoo-Kissi-Debrah told BBC News: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank the mayor of London for listening to me and [prioritising] the lives of children, especially in London.

"Up to 12 die every year from asthma, and I am relieved really. I think I'm slightly overwhelmed and quite shocked."

Now a World Health Organization (WHO) air quality ambassador, Adoo-Kissi-Debrah stressed that air pollution should be seen as a "health issue" and she called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to contribute more to the Ulez scrappage scheme.

"This isn't a party political issue. This is about lives and about the nation's health," she added.

Ella, 9, lived near the South Circular Road in Lewisham Image caption: Ella, 9, lived near the South Circular Road in Lewisham

Russian troops destroyed the key Antonivskyi bridge over the Dnipro River when they were forced to withdraw last November

Ukrainian troops have set up positions on the east bank of the Dnipro River in southern Kherson region, reports say.

The region is partially Russian-held and crossing the river could be significant in future offensives.

The US-based Institute for the Study of War says Russian military bloggers have posted "enough geolocated footage and text reports to confirm" the advance.

BBC Ukraine says its military sources have reported a "certain movement across [the] Dnipro" near Kherson city.

Ukraine's military has not confirmed the movement, while Russia has denied the reports.

But if the reports that Ukraine has secured an enduring presence on the east bank are correct, it could be significant in helping Kyiv drive Russian troops back.

A Ukrainian advance in the area could, in the future, even cut the land corridor to Ukraine's Crimea peninsula, annexed by Russia in 2014.

However, military experts say any Ukrainian troop movements in the area - which is crisscrossed by floodplains, irrigation canals and other water obstacles - would be a tough task.

And Ukrainian advances would be further complicated by Russia's significant advantage in the air.

Ukraine's military has for some time publicly spoken about preparations for a major counter-offensive, without specifying where and when it could be launched.

Until now, all of the Kherson region on the east bank of the Dnipro has been under Russian control, with the wide river serving as a natural barrier.

The regional capital - sitting on the west bank - was liberated by Ukrainian forces last November.

In Sunday's report, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) said "geolocated footage published on 23 April indicates that Ukrainian forces are operating in areas north-west of Oleshky on the east" bank of Dnipro.

The ISW added there was not enough information to analyse the scale of the reported Ukrainian advance - or the further intentions of the Ukrainian military.

On Monday, Russia's WarGonzo military blogger reported that Ukrainian troops were "trying to gain a foothold on Bolshoi Potemkin [Velykyi Potyomkin - Ukrainian] island", which is located between the new and old channels of the Dnipro.

Nataliya Humenyuk, a spokeswoman for Ukraine's South Command, neither confirmed nor denied reports that Ukrainian forces had secured an area on the east bank.

She told Ukraine's TV channels that "difficult work is continuing".

A military operation requires "informational silence until it is safe enough for our military", the spokeswoman stressed.

Meanwhile, the Russian-installed head of the Kherson region, Vladimir Saldo, said on Sunday "there were no bridgeheads on the left [east] bank near Oleshky, or any other places" on that side of the river.

The frontlines in southern Ukraine, as they were last month

Netflix has triggered an angry response from striking Hollywood actors and writers after posting a job advert for an artificial intelligence (AI) expert.

The new position would join its Machine Learning Platform team, which drives the Netflix algorithm helping viewers pick new programmes to watch.

It pays up to $900,000 (£700,000) per year, fuelling further outrage.

Hollywood unions are striking over concerns about how AI affects the entertainment industry and pay.

The job listing, which was first reported by The Intercept on Tuesday, is one of several listed on the Netflix job page that calls for applicants with experience in machine learning (ML) and AI.

It is unclear from the expansive job advert whether the role will advise on content - the TV programmes and films that Netflix chooses to invest in.

Another open listing for a product manager on the Machine Learning Platform team says the future employee will "collect feedback and understand user needs" and ultimately helping with investment decisions.

The description appears to suggest that the role will include using AI to assess funding needs for different programmes.

This is a key concern of the union representing actors, Sag-Aftra, which has spoken of its fears that algorithms have too much power.

Sag-Aftra's Fran Drescher told Time magazine the singular success of any film or television programme is now much less important than when broadcast television was dominant.

"Algorithms dictate how many episodes a season needs to be before you reach a plateau of new subscribers and how many seasons a series needs to be on," she claimed.

"That reduces the amount of episodes per season to between six and 10, and it reduces the amount of seasons to three or four. You can't live on that.

"We're being systematically squeezed out of our livelihood by a business model that was foisted upon us, that has created a myriad of problems for everyone up and down the ladder."

The writers' guild, WGA, has proposed a system that regulates the use of AI in the writing process and prevents it being used as source material.

Netflix declined to comment about the job listings, but has previously said AI will not replace the creative process.

"The best stories are original, insightful and often come from people's own experiences," Netflix has said.

The news of the most recent AI-based job listing was condemned by some striking actors, who must earn $26,470 before being eligible for health insurance benefits.

"So $900k/yr per soldier in their godless AI army when that amount of earnings could qualify thirty-five actors and their families for Sag-Aftra health insurance is just ghoulish," actor Rob Delaney, told The Intercept.

Javier Grillo-Marxuach, who is best known for the series Lost, accused Netflix of "pleading poverty while recruiting VERY (more than I've ever made in a year BY FAR) well-paid generals for your soulless army of silicon plagiarists".

Earlier this week, Netflix announced the launch of a new app - My Netflix - which the company calls "a one-stop shop tailored to you with easy shortcuts to help you choose what you want to watch".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A gunman accused of killing 11 worshippers at a Pittsburgh synagogue in 2018 has been found guilty by a jury in the US state of Pennsylvania.

The federal trial of Robert Bowers, 50, now moves to the sentencing phase, with the court poised to decide whether he should be given the death penalty.

The 27 October assault inside the Tree of Life synagogue was the deadliest antisemitic attack in US history.

Bowers pleaded not guilty to all 63 charges against him.

The jury convicted him on all counts after less than a full day of deliberations.

During the three-week trial, prosecutors called 60 witnesses as they tried to prove the gunman carried out his attack because of a hatred for Jews.

Bowers' defence team did not call any witnesses and did not deny he carried out the attack, but said it was due to a delusional hatred for immigrants and a Jewish non-profit group, not Jewish people.

US Attorney Mary Hahn said in closing arguments on Thursday that the defendant had "hunted" his victims.

"He outright told Swat operators he went to the synagogue to kill Jews," she said.

Defence attorney Elisa Long had argued that "stopping religious study was not his intent or motive".

The distinction is important because under US federal law, in order for the jury to impose the death penalty prosecutors must prove that Bowers was motivated by race hate or killed people to stop them exercising their religious beliefs.

A psychiatric evaluation of Bowers has been prepared by the government, and the state of his mental health may be raised during the sentencing.

That hearing will begin on 26 June and is expected to last six weeks.

The 11 worshippers who died in the attack ranged in age from 54 to 97. Seven others were injured, including five police officers who rushed to the scene.

Three congregations - Dor Hadash, New Light and the Tree of Life - shared the synagogue.

Most families of those killed have voiced support for the death penalty, although some other family members and the Dor Hadash congregation have stated that they are opposed to it.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Rabbi Doris Dyen: 'I'm broken and I can't pray' (from 2018)

Community groups, Jewish advocacy organisations and survivors thanked police and prosecutors after the verdict was announced.

"I am grateful to God for getting us to this day," Rabbi Jeffrey Myers, who survived the attack, said in a statement.

"And I am thankful for the law enforcement who ran into danger to rescue me, and the US attorney who stood up in court to defend my right to pray."

"Justice has been served," the American Jewish Committee said in a statement.

"We realise it does little to ease the pain for the families and friends of the 11 people murdered at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh simply for being Jewish and practising their faith. However, we hope this verdict allows them to continue the slow process of healing if not closure."

This is only the second federal death penalty case under the Biden administration, which has placed a moratorium on federal executions.

Former President Donald Trump allowed 13 executions to take place in the last six months before he left office.

Adil Iqbal was told he was guilty of "the most indescribable reckless driving"

A driver who filmed himself speeding at 123mph before hitting and killing a pregnant mother-of-two has been jailed for 12 years.

Adil Iqbal admitted causing the death of Frankie Jules-Hough, 38, by dangerous driving on the M66 in Bury, Greater Manchester, on 13 May.

The 22-year-old also admitted causing serious injury to her son, aged nine, and nephew, aged four.

The family's solicitor described the sentence as "insulting".

Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court heard how Iqbal, from Accrington, Lancashire, was driving his father's BMW with one hand and holding his phone with the other to film himself, possibly to upload to Facebook, as he tailgated and undertook other vehicles and swerved across lanes.

Ms Jules-Hough had pulled over on the hard shoulder with a tyre puncture, with her two sons and nephew in the car.

She was making a call to say she would be late when she let out a "blood-curdling scream", the court heard.

The BMW 140i undertook a motorbike then swerved, over-compensated and hit a crash barrier before spinning around and ploughing into Ms Jules-Hough's Skoda Fabia at an estimated 92mph.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Adil Iqbal filmed himself speeding at 123mph before ploughing into Ms Jules-Hough's car

She was 17 weeks pregnant with her first daughter, Neeve, and suffered unsurvivable brain injuries.

They both died two days later in hospital surrounded by family, with Ms Jules-Hough having never regained consciousness.

Her son and nephew were left in a coma suffering serious brain injuries with their long-term outcomes remaining uncertain, the court heard.

Both spent weeks in intensive care in hospital. Her youngest son, who was also in the car, was relatively unscathed.

Dashcam footage and film from Iqbal's phone was shown to the court, watched by relatives of Ms Jules-Hough, some of whom gave emotional victim impact statements before the defendant was jailed.

The court heard from drivers who had seen Iqbal on the motorway, including Johnathan Hoyle who saw him six minutes before the crash and thought he was "an accident waiting to happen".

Another driver, Sophie Dodswell, was said to "scream out" as he came within inches of her car at about 120mph.

Frankie Jules-Hough was taken to hospital after the crash but later died

Frank Hough, Ms Jules-Hough's father, said his family had been devastated "all because a young man wanted to show off, wanted to show his friends on social media how daring and cool he thought he was".

He added: "Our worlds have been torn apart and for what? So this boy could try to make himself feel like a big man."

Calvin Buckley, Ms Jules-Hough's partner, said in a victim impact statement: "What I witnessed that day, that weekend, those hours of desperation, those minutes praying for a miracle or those seconds watching my partner take her last breaths, will stay with me for a lifetime."

Tom Spencer, her nine-year-old son's father, described arriving at the scene. "Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw," he said.

The court was told Iqbal had been convicted of driving without insurance in 2019 and in December 2021 posted a video to Facebook after filming himself speeding in a Lamborghini Huracan in Dubai.

Two months before the M66 crash, he was given a warning by police after being stopped while racing an Audi on public roads.

Emergency services attended the crash scene on 13 May

Passing sentence, Judge Maurice Greene told him: "She was killed as a result of the most indescribable reckless driving by you Adil Iqbal, leading to the devastation of a family."

He was also banned from driving for 14 years.

Solicitor Rose Gibson-Harper, who represents the victim's family, said the sentence was "insulting and an injustice" due to "an act of sheer stupidity".

"Last year, judges were given the power to hand down greater sentences to those convicted of death by dangerous driving," she said.

"Previously, the maximum tariff was 14 years but it was increased to life imprisonment.

"This case stands as one of the worst examples of dangerous driving I have witnessed in my 27-year career as a catastrophic injury lawyer, and we expected the justice system to fulfil its duty and utilise its new-found powers."

Following Ms Jules-Hough's death, a GoFundMe appeal was set up by a friend and has raised more than £50,000 for her family.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Steven Marsland, pictured with his family, said he felt anxious about potentially losing the drug keeping him alive

Cancer patients said they felt relieved they could continue taking life-saving drugs after a policy change.

Doctors were not allowed to automatically prescribe two bowel cancer drugs on the NHS in England if patients had taken a break from them.

Steven Marsland, 38, from Brantham, Suffolk, said the decision meant he now had "one less thing to worry about".

The policy affected the drugs cetuximab and panitumumab.

Mr Marsland has been through 93 rounds of chemotherapy and 28 lots of radiotherapy since he was diagnosed in 2018

Before the rule change, if a patient took a treatment break for longer than six weeks they would have to reapply for NHS funding, with no guarantee it would be approved.

Mr Marsland, who has incurable cancer, needed to pause his treatment for a hernia operation last year. He had to take a shorter break due to the policy and was left worrying he might have to fund cetuximab himself in the future.

The father-of-two, who works as a principal technologist for BT, has been through 93 rounds of chemotherapy and 28 lots of radiotherapy since he was diagnosed in 2018.

Mr Marsland, pictured with his wife Emma, campaigned to change the policy alongside the charity Bowel Cancer UK

"This decision means I no longer need to live with the anxiety of losing a line of treatment," he said.

"It will open up many options for people to have skin recovery breaks, holidays and minor surgeries. I won't have to cover up illnesses in the fear of having the rug pulled out."

Jane Ashford said she lived in constant fear of her drug being taken away

Jane Ashford, from Bristol, described the development as "amazing", saying she had lived in "constant fear" of her treatment being taken away.

The 50-year-old, who is now in remission from bowel cancer, said her oncologist was keen for her to have a break "as the toxicity of the drugs was leading to serious health issues" but she had "no choice but to continue with no breaks under the arbitrary rule".

"I had to leave my job as an NHS lead nurse specialist because of the physical, emotional and psychological side effects," she said.

The rule change has come too late for some patients. Roy Davison, a father-of-three from Preston, was told he could not go back on panitumumab on the NHS after taking a break for liver surgery.

Roy Davison, pictured with two of his daughters, would have done anything for anyone and had a huge heart, his family said

The engineer, diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2014, was making good progress and the drug had shrunk his tumours enough to make them operable, his wife Carolyn said.

"Then the doctors told us the rules had changed and suddenly the drug was snatched away. It seemed so wrong and so cruel.

"It was like a prescription was written but he was only allowed to have half of it. We sought second opinions from oncologists who all said they would like to put him back on panitumumab if they could," she said.

They wrote to their MP and the drug company explaining his situation, but Mr Davison was forced on to other drugs and his cancer spread. He died aged 59 in 2017.

Genevieve Edwards, chief executive at Bowel Cancer UK, which has spent five years campaigning on the issue, said: "Patients with advanced bowel cancer have very few treatment options and these drugs are often their only lifeline.

"This decision by NHS England will bring new hope for advanced bowel cancer patients to have a better quality of life, spend more time with loved ones and, for some, even the chance of full remission."

A spokesperson for NHS England said: "The publication of this new policy provides additional flexibility for patients with colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab and panitumumab, enabling them to restart treatment even if their cancer has progressed whilst they were on a treatment break, provided their doctor believes they are likely to benefit from these drugs."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has been one of the most vocal critics of the Illegal Migration Bill

The House of Lords has voted to back an attempt to force the government to produce a 10-year strategy on refugees and trafficking, as part of its migration bill.

The Archbishop of Canterbury led the move to include the strategy in the government's flagship legislation to stop small boat crossings to the UK.

Justin Welby insisted the strategy would improve and not damage the bill.

Peers have voted to approve multiple changes to the bill in the Lords.

But ministers are expected to ask MPs to overturn the changes when the legislation returns to the House of Commons, where the Conservative government has a majority.

The bill is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's high-profile pledge to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel - one of his five key pledges.

The number of migrants crossing from France set a record for June, pushing the total for the year above 11,000.

Earlier, Mr Sunak's spokesman said the government would press ahead with its Illegal Migration Bill, despite the string of defeats it has suffered in the Lords.

Mr Welby has been one of the most vocal critics of the bill, previously condemning the legislation as "morally unacceptable" and "politically impractical".

As peers debated the bill on Wednesday, Mr Welby tabled two amendments which would require the government to have a 10-year strategy for collaborating internationally to tackle refugee crises and human trafficking.

Speaking in the Lords, Mr Welby said the amendment was "intended to be helpful" and mitigate "some of the concerns about a lack of a global and long-term perspective on the issues".

"I urge the government to develop a strategy that is ambitious, collaborative and worthy of our history and up to the scale of the enormous challenges that we face," Mr Welby said.

Peers inflicted further defeats on the government as they debated and voted on detailed changes to the bill. There will be a further day of debate in the Lords before it returns to the Commons.

One amendment would make it a legal duty for ministers to create safe and legal routes to the UK for refugees by next spring. Two others reinstate and expand a right of appeal against age assessments for migrants claiming to be children.

Ahead of Wednesday's debate, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York urged ministers to back changes to the legislation to ensure a "just" and "compassionate" asylum policy.

In a letter to The Times signed by eight other faith leaders, the two archbishops warned the legislation "falls short of our obligation to the most vulnerable".

The prime minister's official spokesman said he was not going to respond to individual opinions.

But, he added, Mr Sunak was "clear that stopping the boats, stopping the cruel cycle of vulnerable people being exploited by criminal gangs, is the fair and compassionate thing to do".

If passed, the bill would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove migrants arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

The government has stressed it remains committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, and has said it will challenge a Court of Appeal ruling last week that this was unlawful.

On Tuesday, Mr Sunak told the Liaison Committee of senior MPs the government's case would be made in the Supreme Court "confidently and vigorously".

In the first six months of 2023, 11,434 people were detected making the journey from France, according to provisional Home Office figures.

The June total of 3,824 was the highest since records began in 2018. In June last year, 3,140 migrants arrived in the UK after crossing the Channel.

Despite the record June number, the total for the first half of the year was 10% lower than for January-June 2022 (12,747).

In January, Mr Sunak set out five pledges which he said would address "the people's priorities", including passing new laws to stop Channel crossings. But he did not put a timescale on achieving the promise.

Last month, he insisted his plan was "starting to work".

Labour has accused the prime minister of chasing "short-term headlines instead of doing the hard work needed to tackle the problem".

Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: "The numbers of dangerous crossings are rising again, hotel costs are spiralling, all while the government's flagship Rwanda policy unravels in front of their eyes."

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The Greek Air Force has released footage of a helicopter crew winching survivors to safety after a fishing boat carrying hundreds of migrants capsized off the coast of southern Greece. At least 79 people have died and more than 100 have been rescued, but survivors say many more are unaccounted for.

London Underground workers will strike for almost a week from Sunday 23 July until Friday 28 July, the RMT union has announced.

The row is over pensions, job cuts and working conditions which the union said could put 600 positions at risk.

The tube drivers' union Aslef has also announced its members will walk out on Wednesday 26 and Friday 28 July.

The action is the latest escalation in a long-running dispute between the unions and Transport for London (TfL).

In March, thousands of London Underground workers walked out over the same issues.

The RMT has not yet confirmed which groups of workers will strike on which day, nor whether the action will last for a solid six days.

TfL said it was "disappointed" by the union's decision to take strike action.

Glynn Barton, chief operating officer for TfL said: "There are no current proposals to change pension arrangements and, although we are discussing with union colleagues a range of proposals to improve how London Underground operates, no employee will lose their job or be asked to work additional hours."

But the RMT said staff stood to be poorer in retirement if proposed changes by TfL go ahead, claiming they will lose up to 30% of their pension pot.

The row comes after passenger numbers failed to recover after the pandemic which led TfL to claim it needs to make £900m in savings.

RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: "This week of action will shut down the London Underground and show just how important the work of our members is."

The union's industrial action began last year and has led to a lot of disruption to services.

However, this will be the longest strike to date in a sign of worsening relations between unions and tube bosses.

The proposals to axe several hundred jobs will leave stations with fewer staff, according to the RMT, which it says isn't safe.

But pensions appear to be a more crucial red line for the unions, and it is difficult to see how this will be resolved unless they stay as they are.

There are already separate rail strikes scheduled at 14 train companies on 22 and 29 July, around the time that most schools in the UK are on holiday for the summer.

Those rail strikes also fall on dates of some of the summer's biggest sporting events.

The golf Open Championship is taking place at Royal Liverpool from 16 to 23 July.

Cricket fans travelling to the fourth and fifth Ashes Tests at Old Trafford in Manchester and The Oval in London could also have the challenge of navigating through disrupted services

The RMT train strikes in June 2023 meant that the Eurovision song contest which took place in Liverpool and the FA Cup final were affected.

British attempts to evacuate its embassy staff from Sudan at the weekend delayed efforts by other countries to rescue their own citizens, senior German political sources have told the BBC.

They allege British forces landed in Sudan without the Sudanese army's permission - as other European nations were hoping to airlift citizens to safety.

The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) described that as "complete nonsense".

Germany, among others, had planned to use the airfield north of Khartoum from which subsequent evacuation operations have been conducted.

But, the sources say, the "unannounced British military presence" so angered the Sudanese army that they refused access to the facility.

According to one source, having landed without permission, the British had to pay the army before leaving.

And negotiations to use the airfield meant that German rescuers "lost at least half a day" during what was, at the time, considered to be a very small window of opportunity.

The MoD denied that it was responsible for any delay.

In a statement, it said: "It is not accurate to suggest that Britain's efforts to evacuate embassy staff from Sudan last weekend slowed-down Germany's plans.

"Operating in such complex circumstances will always come with challenges, but we have worked extremely closely with our French, US and particularly German partners who have facilitated access to the airfield throughout this week, and of course we remain grateful to the Sudanese Armed Forces."

Later, an MoD spokesperson said it was "complete nonsense to claim that we landed in Sudan without permission from the Sudanese army. We had permission".

Germany has now ended its rescue mission, after airlifting more than 700 people to safety on six flights from the airfield north of Khartoum which the UK is now using for its evacuation operation.

Around 200 of those taken to safety were German nationals and the rest were from 30 other nations, including the UK.

The relief and elation in Berlin that its operation concluded relatively successfully has assuaged the anger of defence officials, but military leaders are still said to be "not amused".

When asked why the UK had managed to get its embassy staff out on Saturday, while German flights only started on Sunday, Mr Pistorius said: "How shall I put it diplomatically? They ignored what the Sudanese had stipulated."

And, in Berlin, there are lingering traces of disdain for the UK government's initial handling of the crisis.

German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock may not have mentioned the UK by name but launched a thinly disguised attack on countries that, she implied, had abandoned their citizens and focused their rescue efforts only on diplomatic staff.

"It was important to us that the [German] evacuation, unlike other countries, didn't just involve our diplomatic personnel but all Germans on the ground and their partners."

Empire Cinemas has collapsed into administration with the immediate loss of 150 jobs.

Six cinemas in the chain have closed, with a further eight under threat.

Administrators BDO said the impact of the Covid pandemic and the cost of living crisis had "significantly affected the companies' business".

Last month rival chain Cineworld, also fell into administration, hit by the pandemic and competition from streaming.

The Empire cinemas that closed on Friday are in Bishop's Stortford, Catterick Garrison, Sunderland, Swindon, Walthamstow and Wigan.

The closures leave Sunderland and Wigan with no main cinema.

Meanwhile, the remaining sites in Birmingham, Clydebank, High Wycombe, Ipswich and Sutton, and the two Tivoli-branded venues in Bath and Cheltenham, will continue to trade as the administrators look for a buyer.

Staff apparently turned up for work at branches on Friday to find notes on windows explaining they were closing down, according to local media reports.

BDO said the cinemas employed a total of 437 staff across England and Scotland.

It said gift cards, ticket e-codes, guest passes and readmission tickets will continue to be valid at trading cinema sites. Advance ticket purchases at sites which have closed will be automatically refunded.

Cinema-goers have been reacting to the closures on social media.

One said they were sorry to read about the Sunderland branch closing, "but when it's almost £5 for a regular coke let alone the price of admission constantly changing I'm not surprised that this complex has closed".

"It's not just Covid that's caused this, not when there's a cost of living crisis, people just don't have the money these days."

Empire Cinemas was founded in 2005 following the mergers of Odeon and UCI, and Cineworld and UGC.

The Office of Fair Trading ruled that both new groups should lose a number of their cinemas which created an opportunity for Empire Cinemas to be created.

Until the closure of the six cinemas on Friday, the chain showed films on 129 screens, including on IMAX and IMPACT screens.

Authorities in Tijuana say the building is the second to collapse in the area following a landslide.

Emergency workers appeared to already be on the scene, and it's not yet clear if there were any casualties in the fall.

The US president's embattled son is under renewed scrutiny from Republicans in Congress.

Hunter Biden, the US president's embattled son, is suing a Delaware computer repair shop owner over the handling of his private laptop.

Mr Biden and his attorneys allege John Paul Mac Isaac illegally copied and distributed private information from the laptop's hard drive.

That personal data was used by Republicans to attack Joe Biden during the 2020 presidential election.

Mr Isaac argues the laptop became his property when it was abandoned.

In a suit he filed last year, Mr Isaac accused Hunter Biden, the Biden 2020 campaign, a Democratic congressman and two US media outlets of defaming him by claiming he illegally accessed the data.

Hunter Biden's counterclaim, filed on Friday in a Delaware district court, claims Mr Isaac gave away his data to "political enemies" because he opposed his father's candidacy.

The document alleges that the repairman sent copies of the hard drive to his father in New Mexico and to a lawyer who worked with Mr Trump's then-personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani.

Mr Giuliani and other allies of Mr Trump, including Steve Bannon, would later gain access to some of the data.

"Mac Isaac intended and knew, or clearly should have known, that people to whom he provided the data that he believed to belong to Mr Biden would use it against then-candidate Joseph Biden and to assist then-President Trump," the filing reads.

It adds that disseminating private data in this manner "is offensive and objectionable to Mr Biden, and would be highly offensive and objectionable to any reasonable person".

The laptop's existence was first brought to the public's attention by the conservative-leaning New York Post less than one month before the 2020 election.

The Post alleged that emails found on its hard drive suggested Mr Biden's business dealings abroad were influencing US foreign policy while his father was vice-president.

The president and his family have denied any wrongdoing in overseas business dealings.

Donald Trump and Republican Party operatives seized on it as a campaign issue, saying it was evidence of alleged nepotism and corruption in the Biden family.

The Biden campaign said at the time that the leaked data might have been linked to a Russian disinformation campaign to influence the election, but it provided no evidence for the claim.

More material from the laptop has since been released, painting a sordid picture of the younger Biden. They include texts and financial records related to his overseas business dealings in China and Ukraine, as well as provocative photos and videos of him having sex and doing drugs.

Often referenced in conservative US media as the "laptop from hell", the computer itself is now in the FBI's possession.

The agency has been investigating the president's son since 2018 over his tax payments related to foreign business dealings. Federal officials are also probing whether he lied about his prior drug use on a gun application form in 2018.

Hunter Biden, 53, and his attorneys have shifted their strategy in recent weeks as a new Republican majority in the US House of Representatives vows to step up scrutiny of the Biden family.

On Thursday, House Oversight Committee chairman James Comer alleged that Hunter Biden and at least two relatives received more than $1m in funds from a Chinese energy company.

Thousands of people have been evacuated from wildfires on the Greek island of Rhodes.

Tourists have fled from their hotels to emergency shelters, while some holidaymakers returning to the UK described people being covered in ash and still smelling of smoke from the fires.

Meta, the parent firm of Facebook and Instagram, is working on a standalone, text-based social network app.

It could rival both Twitter and its decentralised competitor, Mastodon.

A spokesperson told the BBC: "We're exploring a standalone decentralized social network for sharing text updates.

"We believe there's an opportunity for a separate space where creators and public figures can share timely updates about their interests."

A Twitter-like app would allow Meta to take advantage of the current chaos at the Elon Musk-led company, where cost-cutting has been rampant.

Twitter has been struggling to hold on to its advertising base since Mr Musk's takeover of the platform late last year.

Companies have pulled back spending following Twitter's move to restore suspended accounts and release a paid account verification which resulted in scammers impersonating firms.

According to MoneyControl, the new app is codenamed P92, and will allow users to log in through their existing Instagram credentials.

Meta's app will be based on a similar framework to the one that powers Mastodon, a Twitter-like service which was launched in 2016.

The new app would be decentralised - it cannot be run at the whim of a single entity, bought or sold.

Meta's plans come at a time when its biggest platform, Facebook, is struggling to attract the attention of a younger audience.

It has also heavily invested in the metaverse, a virtual world where users interact and work - which has yet to come to fruition.

Its video-sharing app, Instagram, is also facing stiff competition as content makers or hit influencers abandon the platform for TikTok.

It was not immediately clear when Meta would roll out the new app.

Police have confirmed CCTV footage captured by a Brighton resident and then given to the BBC shows Constance Marten and Mark Gordon minutes before they were arrested.

The clock on the footage shows a time of around 21:25 GMT.

The couple were arrested on Monday on their way back from the shops - initially on suspicion of child neglect - after being missing for 53 days. They were then further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter as police search for their missing baby.

Gulnara Karimova and some of her portfolio in London

A dictator's daughter who moonlighted as a pop star and diplomat spent $240m (£200m) on properties from London to Hong Kong, a report has found.

Gulnara Karimova used UK companies to buy homes and a jet with funds obtained through bribery and corruption, the Freedom For Eurasia study says.

It adds that accounting firms in London and the British Virgin Islands acted for UK companies involved in the deals.

The story raises fresh doubts about the UK's efforts to tackle illegal wealth.

British authorities have long been accused of not doing enough to prevent criminals from overseas using UK property to launder money.

The report says the ease with which Karimova obtained UK property was "concerning".

There is no suggestion that those acting for the companies linked to her were aware of any connection to her nor that the source of funds could have been suspicious. No-one who provided those services in the UK has been investigated or fined.

For a time Gulnara Karimova was tipped to succeed her father, Islam Karimov, who ruled Uzbekistan as president of the central Asian state from 1989 until his death in 2016. She appeared in pop videos under the stage name "Googoosha", ran a jewellery company and served as ambassador to Spain.

But then in 2014 she disappeared from public view. It later emerged she had been detained on corruption charges while her father was still in power and she was sentenced in December 2017. In 2019 she was sent to prison for breaching the terms of her house arrest.

Prosecutors accused her of being part of a criminal group that controlled assets of more than $1bn (£760m) in 12 countries, including the UK, Russia and United Arab Emirates. "The Karimova case is one of the largest bribery and corruption cases of all time," says Tom Mayne, one of the researchers on the Freedom For Eurasia report and a research fellow at the University of Oxford.

However, Karimova and her associates had already sold some of the property allegedly acquired with corrupt funds.

Freedom For Eurasia researched property and land registry records to identify at least 14 properties it says were purchased before she was arrested, with allegedly suspicious funds, in various countries, including the UK, Switzerland, France, Dubai and Hong Kong.

The report to be published on Tuesday 14 March, titled Who Enabled the Uzbek Princess?, focuses on five properties bought in and around London, now worth an estimated £50m - including three flats in Belgravia, just west of Buckingham Palace, a house in Mayfair and an £18m Surrey manor house with a private boating lake.

Two of the Belgravia flats were sold in 2013 before Karimova was detained. In 2017, the house in Mayfair, the Surrey mansion and a third flat in Belgravia were frozen by the Serious Fraud Office.

Freedom For Eurasia's report also names firms in London and the British Virgin Islands that it claims were used by Karimova or associates to enable them to spend the proceeds of crime on the properties as well as on a private jetliner.

Karimova's boyfriend, Rustam Madumarov, and others now alleged to be associates of hers were listed in official documents as the "beneficial owners" - a legal term for the person who ultimately is in control - of companies based in the UK, Gibraltar and the British Virgin Islands. But the report says they were just proxies for Karimova, who used the firms to launder hundreds of millions of dollars.

Accountancy services for two UK companies linked to Karimova - Panally Ltd and Odenton Management Ltd - were provided by SH Landes LLP, a firm formerly located on New Oxford Street in London.

In late July 2010, SH Landes sought to register or acquire another company. The aim was to purchase a private jet for around $40m (£33m), with Madumarov named as the beneficial owner. In fact, according to the report, Karimova was really behind the purchase.

Karimova's former property in Mayfair, London, was seized by the Serious Fraud Office

When asked at the time about the source of his funds, SH Landes replied: "We believe that the question regarding his personal wealth is not relevant in this situation." This was seemingly because the money to buy the jet was not being provided by Madumarov out of his personal funds.

The London-based firm later said Madumarov's wealth came partly from a mobile phone company based in Uzbekistan, Uzdonrobita. Questions had already been raised about the company's possible links to Karimova. As far back as 2004, an article for the Moscow Times had alleged that Karimova siphoned some $20m out of Uzdunrobita using fraudulent invoices. A former adviser had also accused Karimova of "racketeering".

Because it was a high-value transaction linked to a high-risk jurisdiction, Uzbekistan, the report argues that SH Landes should have conducted "enhanced due diligence" - thorough background checks to ensure the source of funds was legitimate and not derived from criminal activity.

SH Landes also submitted the 2012 financial statements for Panally Ltd. The report says in September 2013 they were signed off by a close associate of Karimova's: Gayane Avakyan, then aged 30.

The previous year, the BBC had published allegations that Avakyan was the registered beneficial owner of Takilant, a Gibraltar-registered company at the centre of "a high-level multi-million dollar fraud and corruption scandal in Uzbekistan".

In a statement to the BBC, Steven Landes said: "SH Landes LLP was never engaged by Gulnara Karimova. SH Landes LLP did act on behalf of Rustam Madumarov.

"SH Landes LLP obtained due diligence on all its clients and relevant regulatory authorities were notified and kept appraised."

Tom Mayne of Freedom For Eurasia said the apparent ease with which Karimova managed to buy so much UK property was concerning.

"It took the authorities until 2017 to do anything, years after other countries had already frozen bank accounts and properties that belonged to her," he added.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Andy Murray's hopes of a fine Wimbledon victory on the 10th anniversary of his 2013 title win were ended by fifth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in round two.

Stalled by Wimbledon's 11pm curfew on Thursday, the Briton lost 7-6 (7-3) 6-7 (2-7) 4-6 7-6 (7-3) 6-4 on Friday.

Shortly before Murray's loss, British number one Cameron Norrie fell 3-6 6-3 2-6 6-7 (3-7) to Christopher Eubanks.

British number five Liam Broady lost 4-6 6-2 7-5 7-5 to Canadian 26th seed Denis Shapovalov in the third round.

Defeats for the trio ended British interest in the men's draw and dampened the spirits of the home fans at the All England Club.

Their exits leave British women's number one Katie Boulter as the only remaining home player in the singles.

On Saturday, Boulter has the chance to reach the fourth round for the first time when she plays defending champion Elena Rybakina of Kazakhstan.
• None Murray unsure he has motivation for Wimbledon

Murray pushes one of the best but falls agonisingly short

Murray is a two-time champion at Wimbledon, having also won in 2016, and had talked positively about his chances of going deep in the draw.

A poor performance at Queen's in the build-up to the tournament saw him miss out on a seeding, leaving him vulnerable to a tough test early on.

Even after the draw threw up the possibility of facing 24-year-old Tsitsipas, Murray insisted he had the ability and nous to cause anybody problems on the SW19 grass.

Against one of the top players in the men's game, he was proven correct.

On Thursday, Murray grew into a contest played indoors under the floodlights and moved ahead just before the match was halted at 22:39 BST.

Unlike the other Grand Slams, Wimbledon has a 23:00 curfew which has been imposed by the local council.

The end of the set felt like the natural moment to pause, coming at a time which seemed to suit both players.

When they returned, now playing outdoors on a hot summer afternoon, the pair continued to dominate on serve.

However, at 4-4 15-30, Murray missed a chance to challenge a line call which would have been successfully overturned and could have altered the trajectory of the match.

There was a sense of inevitability that the set would go to the tie-break and, when it did, Tsitsipas kept his composure to clinically level.

Underneath bright skies, the mood further darkened among the home fans at the start of the decider.

Murray's serve came under severe pressure in the third game. A slice into the net by the Scot was followed by a beautifully-judged lob from Tsitsipas, before a double fault created three break opportunities.

Murray was able to save two of them, but a forehand into the net handed over an advantage from which he could not recover.

The level of performance Tsitsipas was forced to find in order to advance - and register by far his best win of the grass-court season on a tricky surface - was testament to Murray's challenge.

Murray waved goodbye as he received a standing ovation from Centre Court and, though he knows there will not be many opportunities to play there again in the future, he showed he is far from done.

Which player would benefit from the overnight break - Murray after a painful looking fall, or Tsitsipas after momentum swung away from him - was debatable.

The delay did provide the opportunity for the romantics to dream.

Murray returned on Friday aiming to earn his biggest win by ranking since the 2013 final, 10 years to the day and at the scene of the defining moment of his career.

The realists felt the pause might suit Tsitsipas better - and were vindicated.

The 2021 French Open finalist and 2023 Australian Open runner-up produced another serving masterclass, like he did in the first two sets on Thursday, and did not face a break point as he turned around the deficit.

Asked if the 18-hour gap benefitted him, Tsitsipas said: "It did not help me that much. You are dealing with a lot of things.

"You are dealing with Andy Murray at the other side of the net. He can make it a marathon and I had to work extra hard.

"My legs are sore - he made me run left and right, up and down for how many hours."

Norrie and Broady out as British men's hopes end

Norrie, 27, reached the Wimbledon semi-finals last year but his bid to replicate that run came unstuck against an inspired Eubanks.

On Court One, 12th seed Norrie struggled to make a dent on the American's serve and lost four of the 13 break points he faced.

Eubanks described grass as the "stupidest surface" in a text exchange with former women's world number one Kim Clijsters earlier this summer, but won an ATP title in Mallorca last week after receiving advice from the Belgian.

The world number 43 looked confident from the start against Norrie, who said he could not cope with his opponent hitting "absolute rockets".

"I got outplayed. I couldn't really get into the match how I wanted. He came out and was hitting the ball huge, he didn't miss at all," Norrie added.

Wildcard Broady, 29, was unable to follow up the biggest win of his career as he lost to 2021 semi-finalist Shapovalov.

The world number 142 stunned Norwegian fourth seed Casper Ruud in the second round, but could not produce another memorable result as his impressive run - which generated a useful payday of £131,000 - ended.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Travel chaos on the M62, but others enjoy a March snow day

More snow and ice is predicted in parts of the UK, after blizzard conditions caused chaos on Friday, with some drivers stranded for hours.

Yellow warnings for snow and ice remain in place until Saturday for much of the UK, apart from southern England.

"With clearing skies and snow on the ground, temperatures tonight will drop like a stone," said BBC weather forecaster Matt Taylor.

He said icy conditions would be an issue in many areas.

Some rural areas in Scotland, England and Wales could see temperatures of -10C to -13C overnight into Saturday.

National Highways operational control director Andrew Page-Dove said there was a risk of potentially freezing rain and more snow.

"The conditions are actually going to get worse rather than better," he said.

Heavy snow overnight into Friday in parts of Wales and north-west England caused disruption including long delays on the M62 trans-Pennine motorway.

Drivers reported stationary traffic on the eastbound carriageway between Rochdale in Greater Manchester and Huddersfield in West Yorkshire.

By midday, congestion stretched for around 17 miles after two lanes were closed between junctions 20 and 22.

Blizzard conditions saw drivers stranded for hours on the M62

Mr Page-Dove said the traffic chaos was down to a "combination of volume of traffic and [drivers] maybe not being as well prepared for the conditions".

National Highways gritters were delayed on the M62 by stranded lorries unable to cope with the conditions, he added.

Confirming that the M62 would remain open, he said: "We have well-rehearsed plans which we execute every time we have these types of events."

Dozens of people took to social media early on Friday, describing spending hours stuck in standstill traffic on the motorway.

One woman who got stranded on a nearby road told the BBC she had "never seen anything like it" and had to be helped by mountain rescue.

Kim Ward was on her way home from to Halifax from a concert in Manchester overnight with her sister-in-law, niece and a friend.

She told the BBC: "The M62 was shut, so we thought we would take the A-road.

"We thought we would be alright, but as we got higher and higher, it just got worse and worse.

"We spent a couple of hours completely stuck, freezing - we actually started nodding off in the car.

"Next thing we knew mountain rescue were knocking on the window with their torches."

Ms Ward continued: "I have been on numerous ski holidays, but I have never seen anything like it, up on the top there.

"It's scary, thinking you are going to actually spend the night here in the car."

A postal delivery worker wearing shorts in heavy snow fall during his delivery rounds in Oldham, Greater Manchester

The winter weather has been named Storm Larisa by the French weather service.

On Friday, more than 200 schools shut their doors in Wales, while in Northern Ireland, more than 100 were closed as a result of the snow.

In England, hundreds of schools across North, South and West Yorkshire, as well as the West and East Midlands, Lancashire and Greater Manchester, were also forced to close.

Some schools were closed on Thursday in Aberdeenshire, in Scotland, but Aberdeenshire Council said there were no planned closures for Friday.

Milder air is forecast for Sunday into Monday when a thaw will begin and conditions will start to improve.

Yellow weather warnings are issued when severe weather that could cause disruption to everyday life is possible, according to the Met Office's website.

Last updated on .From the section Women's World Cup

Captain Lindsey Horan came to the rescue of defending champions the United States after the Netherlands had threatened an upset at the Women's World Cup.

New Manchester City signing Jill Roord put the Dutch on course for a famous win after a clinical finish from the edge of the box.

The Stars and Stripes have been a superpower on the world stage, winning their previous 13 matches spanning three tournaments, but they struggled to break down a resolute Netherlands defence until Horan equalised with a header from a corner.

In a repeat of the 2019 final - which the USA won 2-0 in Lyon - Savannah DeMelo fired wide when the game was goalless while Trinity Rodman forced Daphne van Domselaar into a fingertip save moments after the Dutch had taken the lead.

It looked like being a bitterly frustrating day for the USA when Julie Ertz had a header deflected behind before Horan equalised.

The United States stay top of Group E with four points from two games - the same number as the Netherlands who trail on goal difference.

"We performed brilliantly and at times it was really fantastic," said Netherlands coach Andries Jonker. "You have to be happy with 1-1.

"These games are battles from the first second to the last. The only thing you can say is that women's football has evolved incredibly.

"We're there, along with the US, and I'm very satisfied with that."

The USA face Portugal next at Eden Park, Auckland, on Tuesday (08:00 BST) while the Netherlands play Vietnam in Dunedin at the same time.

Portugal beat Vietnam 2-0 in the other Group E game on Thursday.
• None Reaction as the United States and Netherlands draw at the Fifa Women's World Cup
• None What do you know about past 24 hours at World Cup?

Both sets of fans applauded their teams off the pitch at full-time after an entertaining affair in front of 27,312 fans.

Wellington was awash with colour hours before the lunchtime kick-off as fans took to the streets of New Zealand's capital city early.

There was a carnival atmosphere inside the fan park with some supporters dressed top to toe in stars and stripes. Others from the Netherlands arrived at the ground in national costume.

One supporter inside the ground held up a sign saying: "They're not just women, they're legends".

Helicopters buzzed above the city from early morning adding to the sense of occasion, while US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who was on official business in the city, broke off from talks to cheer on the defending champions.

Billed as the biggest fixture of the 48 group games taking place in Australia and New Zealand, it did not disappoint.

The United States, who also defeated the Netherlands at the Olympics in 2021, are strongly tipped to win a fifth World Cup despite 14 of their players appearing at their first World Cup.

But Andries Jonker's side produced a thoroughly impressive performance and looked set to send out a powerful message until Horan's equaliser.

The Netherlands had required a 93rd-minute winner in their final qualifying game against Iceland just to make this World Cup.

Yet despite being denied the services of influential forward Vivianne Miedema because of injury, the 2019 runners-up once again look as though they could go deep in this tournament.

The United States are yet to fire on all cylinders at this World Cup.

Vlatko Andonovski's side were guilty of wasting a hatful of chances in their 3-0 win over debutants Vietnam, while against the Dutch they once again created enough opportunities to have taken maximum points.

"In the first half, we allowed them to take control of the tempo and slow down the tempo a lot more than we wanted," said the USA coach.

"It was a difficult match and even though it didn't finish the way we wanted it to finish, I thought it was a very good match."

There was frustration when Alex Morgan, who had a penalty saved against Vietnam, thought she had scored the winner after poking Trinity Rodman's pass into the net.

However, it was ruled out for offside while Rodman dragged a great chance wide in the closing stages.

"I think the first half, we could be a little disappointed in how we played but I think we fixed things right away," said captain and goalscorer Horan.

"The pressure that we got on, the amount of chances and opportunities that came from it - I'm so proud of the team and their response."

Andonovski will expect his players to be firing when they return to Auckland next week to face Portugal in the third and final group game.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Daniëlle van de Donk (Netherlands).
• None Delay in match because of an injury Rose Lavelle (USA).
• None Attempt missed. Andi Sullivan (USA) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Emily Fox.
• None Daniëlle van de Donk (Netherlands) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Attempt missed. Trinity Rodman (USA) left footed shot from long range on the right is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Emily Fox.
• None Attempt blocked. Alex Morgan (USA) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Trinity Rodman with a cross.
• None Attempt blocked. Trinity Rodman (USA) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Rose Lavelle with a cross.
• None Attempt blocked. Sophia Smith (USA) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Attempt missed. Trinity Rodman (USA) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Sophia Smith. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Scientists from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change met in Switzerland where glaciers are melting

UN chief Antonio Guterres says a major new report on climate change is a "survival guide for humanity".

Clean energy and technology can be exploited to avoid the growing climate disaster, the report says.

But at a meeting in Switzerland to agree their findings, climate scientists warned a key global temperature goal will likely be missed.

Their report lays out how rapid cuts to fossil fuels can avert the worst effects of climate change.

In response to the findings, UN secretary general Antonio Guterres says that all countries should bring forward their net zero plans by a decade. These targets are supposed to rapidly cut the greenhouse gas emissions that warm our planet's atmosphere.

"There is a rapidly closing window of opportunity to secure a liveable and sustainable future for all," the report states.

Governments had previously agreed to act to avoid global temperature rise going above 1.5C. But the world has already warmed by 1.1C and now experts say that it is likely to breach 1.5C in the 2030s.

The UK government responded that the report makes it clear that countries must "work towards far more ambitious climate commitments" ahead of the UN climate summit COP28 in November.

"The UK is a world leader in working towards net zero, but we need to go further and faster," a spokesperson said.

Small islands in the Pacific are some of the countries expected to be worst hit by climate change.

Responding to the report, the chair of the Alliance of Small Island States Fatumanava-o-Upolu III Dr. Pa'olelei Luteru said: "While our people are being displaced from their homes and climate commitments go unmet, the fossil fuel industry is enjoying billions in profits. There can be no excuses for this continued lack of action."

The report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change - the scientific body that advises the UN on rising temperatures - is agreed on by all governments involved.

Their new study aims to boil down to one slim volume several landmark findings on the causes, impacts and solutions to climate change that have been released since 2018.

It outlines the significant impacts that climate change is having on the world already, and explains that these will get much worse.

By 2100 extreme coastal flooding that used to happen once-a-century is expected to occur at least annually in half of the world's tidal gauge locations - places where sea level recordings are made.

Concentrations of the warming gas CO2 in the atmosphere are at their highest in 2 million years. The world is now warmer than at any time in the past 125,000 years - and will likely get warmer still over the next decade.

"Even in the near term, global warming is more likely than not to reach 1.5C even under the very low greenhouse gas scenario," the report states.

"If we aim for 1.5C and achieve 1.6C, that is still much much better than saying, it's too late, and we are doomed and I'm not even trying," Dr Friederike Otto, from Imperial College, a member of the core writing team for this report, told BBC News.

"And I think what this report shows very, very clearly is there is so much to win by trying."

The synthesis shows that projected emissions of CO2 from existing fossil fuel infrastructure, such as oil wells and gas pipelines, would bust the remaining carbon budget - the amount of CO2 that can still be emitted - for staying under this key temperature threshold.

And while not explicitly mentioning new projects like Willow oil in the US or the Cumbria coal mine in the UK, the scientists involved have few doubts about their impact.

"There's not a cut-off day (for fossil fuels), but it's clear that the fossil fuel infrastructure we already have will blow through that carbon budget," Dr Oliver Geden, from the German Institute for International and Security Affairs and a member of the report's core writing team, told BBC News.

World-leading scientists wrote the UN report which must also be agreed on by governments

"The remaining carbon budget in opening new fossil fuel infrastructure is certainly not compatible with the 1.5C target."

The document argues strongly that going past 1.5C will not be the end of the world as this may only be a "temporary overshoot".

The authors say that they are optimistic that dramatic changes can be achieved rapidly, pointing to the massive falls in the price of energy made from solar and wind.

They also argue that changes driven by consumers in terms of diet, food waste and switching to low carbon transport can achieve significant cuts in emissions from many sectors.

But the report also acknowledges that in addition to getting to net zero emissions as soon as possible, large scale use of carbon dioxide removal technology will be needed.

Some observers have their doubts. "We know what needs to happen, but the carbon removal part and carbon capture and storage ideas are a massive distraction," said Lili Fuhr, from the Centre for International Environmental Law, who attended the approval session.

Responding to the report's call for more urgent action, the UN secretary general is calling for countries to bring forward their plans for net zero by a decade.

"Leaders of developed countries must commit to reaching net zero as close as possible to 2040, the limit they should all aim to respect," he said in a statement. He also calls on the likes of India and China who have announced net zero plans for beyond 2050 to try and bring them forward by a decade as well.

The first full-sized digital scan of the Titanic, which lies 3,800m (12,500ft) down in the Atlantic, has been created using deep-sea mapping.

Read more: Scans of Titanic reveal wreck as never seen before

Kate Forbes, who finished second to Humza Yousaf in the SNP leadership race, has announced that she is leaving the Scottish government.

Scotland's finance secretary was on maternity leave after the birth of her daughter when Nicola Sturgeon suddenly announced that she was quitting as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister.

Within a couple of days of confirming she would be standing in the contest to succeed her, Ms Forbes found herself at the centre of a political storm.

Her views on issues such as gay marriage, abortion, trans rights and having children outside of marriage were savaged by Deputy First Minister John Swinney, who had been standing in for the deeply religious Ms Forbes since last July.

Ms Sturgeon herself also made thinly-veiled barbs at the woman she had appointed finance secretary at the age of 29, just hours before she had to deliver a budget speech.

Scotland is a progressive country, Ms Sturgeon stated, and the views of the next first minister therefore matter.

Ms Forbes saw several supporters desert her campaign in response to the furore, which was ignited when she told journalists that she would not have voted for gay marriage had she been an MSP at the time.

She subsequently told Sky News that she believed that having children outside of marriage is "wrong" according to her faith as a member of the evangelical Free Church of Scotland, while stressing that: "In a free society you can do what you want."

Ms Forbes has never hidden her religious beliefs, leaving pundits wondering why they had appeared to come as a shock to some of her supporters.

The Free Church, of which she is a devout follower, has strongly opposed gay marriage since it was legalised in Scotland in 2014.

Ms Forbes and her husband Ali celebrated the birth of daughter Naomi last year

In 2018, Ms Forbes spoke at the National Prayer Breakfast for Scotland a day after a Westminster debate on abortion, when she called on politicians to "recognise that the way we treat the most vulnerable - whether the unborn or the terminally ill - is a measure of true progress".

She was among the 15 SNP politicians who wrote an open letter to Ms Sturgeon the following year asking for a delay to gender recognition reforms that would allow people in Scotland to self-identify their sex.

The final vote on the proposals was held when Ms Forbes was on maternity leave, but when she launched her leadership campaign she made clear that she still had significant concerns about self-identification and would not have been able to vote for the legislation in its current form.

Several senior figures within the Scottish government reacted with fury to her comments, with Mr Swinney saying he profoundly disagreed with her views despite also having deep Christian faith.

Humza Yousaf warned that independence could only be won if the SNP sticks to "progressive values" and avoids a "lurch to the right".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The bubbling tensions boiled over in a televised STV debate, when Ms Forbes launched an attack on Mr Yousaf in which she slated his performance as a government minister.

Ms Forbes told Mr Yousaf: "You were transport minister and the trains were never on time, when you were justice secretary the police were stretched to breaking point, and now as health minister we've got record high waiting times.

"What makes you think you can do a better job as first minister?"

Ms Forbes presumably did little to endear herself to the SNP hierarchy watching at home - although Ms Sturgeon says she didn't tune in for the debate - when she declared that it was time for a new generation to lead the party and that "more of the same is not a manifesto - it is an acceptance of mediocrity".

The remark could be read as a dig at Mr Yousaf, who to some extent pitched himself as the "continuity candidate", and the record of Ms Sturgeon herself.

She later doubled down by saying she would potentially have space for Mr Yousaf in her cabinet if she won the contest - but not as health secretary.

Ms Forbes was born in Dingwall in the Highlands, but was partly raised in India as her parents travelled there twice as missionaries, the first time when she was four years old.

Her parents are reported to have been members of the more liberal Church of Scotland, with Ms Forbes claiming that she had chosen to join the Free Church after returning from India as it was "just down the road".

Ms Forbes (centre) had two spells in India during her childhood

She went to a Gaelic school while in Scotland and became a fluent speaker of the language as a child.

When she returned to India at the age of 10, she studied at Woodstock School - an international residential school in the foothills of the Himalayas.

She went on to complete degrees at Cambridge University and Edinburgh University and became a chartered accountant for Barclays in London.

She worked as an assistant to the SNP MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch, Dave Thompson, for two years before being selected to replace him when he stood down.

On the backbenches, the then 26-year-old campaigned to ban plastic straws and delivered a speech in the Holyrood chamber entirely in Gaelic.

In 2018 she entered government as public finance minister working alongside Derek Mackay, who she would go on to succeed as finance secretary when he was forced to stand down just hours before delivering his budget speech after it emerged he had sent inappropriate text messages to a 16-year-old schoolboy.

Ms Forbes became Scotland's first female finance secretary and was widely praised for delivering the budget speech with just a few hours' notice, having only received the call from Ms Sturgeon at 7am that morning.

She has said the SNP needs to win over No voters by using the Scottish Parliament's existing powers to show that Scotland can flourish if it is to secure independence.

Ms Forbes had only a few hours to prepare for a budget speech after being appointed to the finance brief

Ms Forbes told the Guardian: "We keep holding ourselves as hostages to fortune by setting a timetable rather than by focusing on what is really going to shift the dial.

"So day one, I would start the campaign for independence. But I would do that through gentle persuasion, making the economic case and earning people's trust back. The more successful and effective we are at that, the shorter the timetable becomes."

She has said she would not raise income tax for higher earners and would instead focus on growing the economy and expanding the tax base by cutting red tape for businesses, improving transport infrastructure and having a "cautious" transition away from North Sea oil and gas.

Ms Forbes has also described the government's bottle return scheme as well-intentioned but "badly executed".

During a Channel 4 debate, presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy told Ms Forbes that her views on taxation and economic growth sounded "a bit like Liz Truss".

The three candidates were Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes

Little of this would be popular with the Scottish Greens, whose power-sharing deal with the SNP would have been very unlikely to survive under Ms Forbes - particularly because of her views on social issues.

The SNP's social justice secretary, Shona Robison, said she would have to think long and hard about whether she would serve in government under Ms Forbes, while the party's deputy leader at Westminster, Mhairi Black, warned of a possible split if the finance secretary had won the leadership.

Several of her colleagues were said to have been furious over her attack on Mr Yousaf's record, which they believe will be quoted repeatedly by opposition parties as they seek to attack the SNP's record in government.

The Scottish Conservatives have already said they want to use Ms Forbes' remarks in their next party political broadcast.

Deaths of mental-health in-patients are to be examined as part of the national investigation

A national investigation into mental-health inpatient services in England has been announced by the government.

It will examine how trusts can learn from deaths in their care, how to improve young people's care and patients being treated far from home.

There has been huge concern recently over deaths of mental-health inpatients.

Charities welcomed the move, saying patients, families and carers must be closely involved.

It comes as an inquiry investigating deaths of mental-health patients in Essex has been given extra powers, and upgraded into a full public inquiry, to compel witnesses to give evidence.

The national investigation will start in October, when the Health Services Safety Investigations Body (HSSIB) is formally set up.

It will have the power to fine those who refuse to give evidence when they are required to do so.

A number of issues will be looked at, in both NHS and private services, including:

HSSIB chief investigator Rosie Benneyworth said any evidence would be kept anonymous.

"It is crucial that those impacted by poor care and those working on the front lines of the inpatient settings can share their experiences, reassured that HSSIB will use this information to improve care and not apportion blame or liability," she said.

Speaking in the House of Commons earlier, Health Secretary Steve Barclay said the investigation body would "have teeth and work at speed".

Rethink Mental Illness chief executive Mark Winstanley said there had been "appalling failures" in the standard of care delivered to people at their most vulnerable.

He said the investigation must have powers to issue alerts to improve patient safety but the government must also address "the staffing crisis" in mental health services.

"We believe that only if the government prioritises and urgently acts on these factors, can we prevent more avoidable tragedies and pave the way towards improved, safer care in mental-health inpatient units."

Mental-health charity Mind chief executive Sarah Hughes called the announcement "a crucial step in tackling the serious concerns we have about the state of mental health inpatient care in England".

"It is testament to the families who have fought for change because of the suffering their loved ones have endured in mental-health hospitals," she added.

The government has also published the findings of an independent rapid review into mental-health inpatient settings.

It heard from more than 300 mental-health experts, including carers, nurses, psychiatrists and patients, to determine how data could identify risks to patient safety in mental-health inpatient settings.

Geraldine Strathdee, who chaired the review, said she had been surprised how much of a burden data put on staff.

"Some clinicians reported spending half or more of their time entering data, taking time away from face-to-face therapeutic treatment and care of patients," she said.

The Ukrainian leader was in Saudi Arabia ahead of an expected trip to the G7 in Japan

Volodymyr Zelensky has accused some Arab leaders of "turning a blind eye" to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, ahead of his trip to the G7 in Japan.

The Ukrainian president made the comments while attending an Arab League summit in Saudi Arabia on Friday.

Of the Arab League nations, only Syria has openly supported Russia's invasion. Others have sought to maintain good relations with Moscow.

But some states must reflect on their ties with Russia, Mr Zelensky said.

"Unfortunately, there are some in the world and here among you who turn a blind eye to those [prisoner of war] cages and illegal annexations," said Mr Zelensky.

"I'm here so that everyone can take an honest look, no matter how hard the Russians try to influence, there must still be independence."

Mr Zelensky also told the assembled leaders in Jeddah that his country was defending itself from colonisers and imperialists, appearing to invoke the Arab world's own history of invasion and occupation.

Host nation Saudi Arabia has walked a delicate line on the conflict - on the one hand supporting a UN resolution calling for Russia to withdraw its troops and pledging $400m in humanitarian aid to Ukraine, while on the other hand resisting imposing sanctions on Russia, preferring to see itself as neutral on the conflict.

Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman renewed his offer for Saudi Arabia to mediate between Moscow and Kyiv to end the fighting at the summit.

Syria meanwhile has only just been readmitted to the Arab League - its leader Bashar al-Assad told the summit there was an historic opportunity for the region to reshape itself without foreign interference.

Mr Zelensky also took aim at Iran, which is not a member of the Arab League, for supplying Shahed drones to Russia. Iran denies supplying drones for the conflict.

The Ukrainian leader will travel from Saudi Arabia to the G7 summit on Sunday, Japan confirmed on Saturday morning. Officials said he will take part in the summit's leaders' session and take part in a bilateral meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

Earlier, Mr Zelensky's office also told Ukrainian media that he would meet with US President Joe Biden "in the next few days" in Japan.

The summit kicked off on Friday with a renewed condemnation of Russia and an announcement of further sanctions.

The group of seven nations, made up of the US, UK, France, Italy, Germany, Canada and Japan, represent the world's richest democracies. This year, eight other countries including Australia and India have also been invited.

G7 leaders slapped more sanctions on Russia on the summit's opening day

The trip to Japan will be the furthest Mr Zelensky has travelled from Kyiv since the war began in February 2022.

In the past few days Mr Zelensky has visited Italy, Germany, France and the UK, where he nailed down promises of military support. He also continues to push allies to provide advanced fighter jets to Ukraine, but so far no country has committed to directly providing them.

Once he reaches Hiroshima he will probably try to persuade more cautious leaders to provide aid, such as Mr Kishida and Indian leader Narendra Modi.

"By showing up in person, it is a chance for him to ensure he does not come away empty-handed, and that he will head back to Kyiv his arms full with the weapons deals that he wants", including a promise of lethal weapons from Japan, said John Kirton, director of the G7 Research Group think tank.

Though Japan has been hugely sympathetic to Ukraine, its strict military laws have meant that so far it has only given non-lethal defence equipment.

Earlier on Friday, G7 leaders were welcomed by Mr Kishida at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park where they laid wreaths to honour those who died in the US atomic bombing which hastened the end of World War Two.

The summit's first day ended with a statement in which member countries pledged "new steps" to stop the war in Ukraine and promised further sanctions to "increase the costs to Russia and those who are supporting its war effort".

They said they would "starve Russia of G7 technology, industrial equipment and services that support its war machine" and limit Russia's revenue from energy and diamond sales.

Separately, British PM Rishi Sunak told the BBC the UK would sanction the Russian diamond industry, and would target more people and companies connected to Russian President Vladimir Putin.

In response to what it termed "anti-Russian" US sanctions, the Russian foreign ministry announced its own set of sanctions on 500 US citizens, including former US President Barack Obama.

The G7 summit, which ends on Sunday, is expected to end with a communique on the war in Ukraine.

A book about the menopause by TV presenter Davina McCall has scooped the top prize at the British Book Awards.

Menopausing, by McCall and Dr Naomi Potter, was named overall book of the year.

The so-called "Davina effect" saw a huge increase in demand for hormone replacement therapy (HRT) after a Channel 4 documentary on the subject.

Novelist Sir Salman Rushdie was also honoured, nine months after being attacked on stage in New York.

McCall and Potter's Menopausing was praised by a panel of judges which included Channel 4 newsreader Krishnan Guru-Murthy, broadcaster Anita Rani, and DJ Vick Hope.

Six months after publication, it continues to rank highly in the bestseller charts.

Guru-Murthy said the book had helped to start a national conversation about menopause.

He said the broadcaster and the menopause doctor had produced an authoritative and entertaining book about "an important and ignored subject".

Long Lost Family presenter McCall said she was "walking on air" after the award was announced.

"We are so so grateful to everyone that contributed... We will never stop spreading the message," she tweeted.

She has previously said she though she had a brain tumour or Alzheimer's when suffering from perimenopausal symptoms.

Her experience with her changing hormones led her to the decision to campaign to increase awareness and destigmatise the menopause.

Her Channel 4 documentary Sex, Myths and Menopause was broadcast in 2021 and Menopausing was published in September 2022.

HRT prescriptions rose by 42% in the last year leading to shortages due to lack of supplies.

Salman Rushdie says it is now difficult to publish in countries of the west

Meanwhile, Sir Salman Rushdie said he was proud to receive the Freedom to Publish award on behalf of "everybody fighting that fight".

The award-winning writer lost the vision in one eye and spent six weeks in hospital after being attacked on stage ahead of a speech in New York in August 2022.

He has long faced death threats for his 1988 novel The Satanic Verses.

In his acceptance speech, he said: "We live in a moment, I think, at which freedom of expression, freedom to publish has not in my lifetime been under such threat in the countries of the West."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by The Bookseller This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. End of twitter post by The Bookseller

The author said the freedom to publish was also the freedom to read what you want without it being decided for you externally.

Rushdie voiced concern about the loss of libraries and books for children in schools.

He described it as an "extraordinary attack" and added: "It is quite remarkably alarming, and we need to be very aware of it, and to fight against it very hard."

He also warned publishers against altering the work of authors like Roald Dahl and Ian Fleming. He said they should resist that and allow books "to come to us from their time and be of their time."

Philip Jones, editor of The Bookseller and chair of the judging panel said publishers had played a role in creating conversations around "mental health, misogyny, sexuality and gender, the menopause and more".

Others who were recognised at the awards, which were held in London on Monday evening, include:

Many people don't think about the menopause until they're in their 40s. But it could start much earlier. Four women reveal the shock of it happening to them.

Finley Boden was 10 months old when he was murdered on Christmas Day in 2020

Key documents which led to a court agreeing to return a 10-month-old boy to his parents, who then murdered him, have been obtained by the BBC.

Finley Boden was killed on Christmas Day 2020, 39 days after he was returned to their care. He had 130 injuries.

The papers from the family court hearing, conducted by phone during the Covid pandemic, were released after a media application to the High Court.

Shannon Marsden and Stephen Boden are due to be sentenced on Friday.

The documents are significant as they informed the crucial hearing about Finley's future - led by two family magistrates.

The papers were released to the BBC, the PA Media news agency and the Daily Telegraph after a request following the couple's conviction.

The submissions help establish what happened between Finley being removed from his parents a few days after his birth on 15 February, to the decision to return him to their full-time care by 23 November.

After the boy was born, social workers from Derbyshire County Council had decided to remove him from his parents who were living in Chesterfield. The authority believed he was likely to suffer "significant harm" at home - the legal threshold in care cases.

They said Shannon Marsden and Stephen Boden were living in squalor - their home was filthy and smelled of cannabis. They described the terraced house as "very unclean" and "at times hazardous, with faeces on the floor".

The social workers also said there was a risk of domestic violence, because in the past police had been called during an argument and Stephen Boden had a previous conviction for domestic violence against an ex-partner. Both parents smoked "between medium and high" levels of cannabis.

But over the next six months, the couple persuaded social workers they had made positive changes - aided by Covid restrictions, which limited physical interactions with others.

During the 2020 spring lockdown, social workers were not routinely going into homes. In Finley's case, photos were instead sent by his mother which showed her terraced home looking clean and tidy.

A photo of Finley's clean and tidy bedroom, submitted to social workers by Shannon Marsden, before he was returned

By the summer, some Covid restrictions had eased and the parents could meet Finley in person again. Some sessions were overseen by social worker Lynn Williams, who assessed them as she tried to help them become better parents.

The report she submitted to the court for the 1 October hearing is among the documents disclosed to us.

In it, she noted that on one occasion, when the weather was warm, "Shannon Marsden ensured Finley was in the shade". The social worker also noted the mother had held his hand when he was in the pushchair - which she described as "a natural response from a caring parent".

She said Stephen Boden had interacted with his son "by talking to him and making him smile".

In August, Ms Williams said she had visited the couple at home, noting that the fridge was well-stocked and the bathroom clean. On a follow-up visit that same month, she observed the house was still relatively tidy and the parents seemed keen to keep it so.

But Ms Williams' generally positive report was undermined by drug tests taken by both parents as directed by children's services. Marsden told social workers she had given up cannabis in October 2019, but tests of her hair indicated that was not the case between February and August 2020. Tests found Boden had used cannabis too.

A police photograph of Finley's bedroom after his death showing "filthy conditions", including a baby milk bottle covered in mould

In the papers presented to the court for the 1 October hearing, the local authority said Finley should return gradually to his parents' care through a "transition plan" over about four months. It proposed that at first, Finley would stay with his carers and only see his parents during the day - initially for an hour and a half, building up to five hours. Then he would be able to stay on a Saturday night.

The amount of time he could spend with his parents would then increase further - so that by mid-January 2021 he would be in their full-time care. This gradual process was to ensure his time with his parents could be monitored - to make sure he was safe.

But Marsden and Boden wanted Finley back more quickly. In his statement submitted to the October hearing, Boden said: "Shannon and I have worked really hard to make changes." Marsden admitted she had been using cannabis but said she had been "given the incentive to quit completely".

In care cases like Finley's, the child's guardian can be one of the most influential voices. They are employed by Cafcass, the independent Children and Families Court Advisory Service, and their role is to represent the child's best interests.

Finley's guardian, Amanda O'Rourke, had only been able to see him once, via a WhatsApp video call, while he was with his carers. He was a "smiler", she wrote in her report for the court, who liked to "blow raspberry's" (sic).

She acknowledged the squalor, drug use and domestic violence in the parents' past. Her report said she agreed in principle with a transition plan, but said it should take place much faster, given the parents had "clearly made and sustained positive changes".

Ms O'Rourke's report to the magistrates said he should go back to their full-time care "within a six to eight week period," half the time requested by the local authority.

A statement from Cafcass said: "It is not possible to say whether a longer transition plan would have prevented Finley's death. What led to his death was the ability of his parents to deceive everyone involved about their love for him and their desire to care for him."

Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden were convicted of murder in April - they will be sentenced on Friday

The 1 October hearing took place in the period between Covid lockdowns - in England at the time, gatherings were restricted to six people and many courts were working remotely.

In cases like Finley's, parents would normally be in court but, because of the pandemic, everyone was on the phone. Marsden and Boden did not speak at all.

The final decision was made by two magistrates, Kathy Gallimore and Susan Burns, assisted by a legal adviser. That is because magistrates are not legal experts.

The barrister for the local authority argued the Cafcass guardian's plan would send Finley back home "too soon". He said Covid had disrupted the baby's regular contact with his parents and this needed to be rebuilt. He also said the parents should be tested for drugs as they had been "dishonest" about their cannabis use.

But the barrister for Finley's Cafcass guardian said it was not in the boy's interests for the "rehabilitation plan" to be drawn out for such a long period. She said she was "neutral" on the question of drug testing.

The court's legal adviser said drug testing could be ordered if it was "necessary, imperative and vital to the running of the case".

In their judgement that afternoon, Mrs Burns and Mrs Gallimore supported the Cafcass guardian's view - that an eight-week transition was "a reasonable and proportionate" length of time which would protect Finley's welfare. They did not order further drug tests of his parents.

There is no suggestion that the magistrates made a mistake in law.

And later - when the High Court agreed to release these documents - Justice Nathalie Lieven described the family court as having made a "reasonable decision".

"Having read the papers here, I have every sympathy with the decision the magistrates made," she said.

A child safeguarding review into the circumstances surrounding Finley's death is currently ongoing

Chesterfield MP, Labour's Toby Perkins, is now calling for a further inquiry into Derbyshire's children's services. He also says it is "deeply significant" that this case was heard by magistrates.

"It is legitimate to question that entire process, whether the care required for Finley Boden's safety was preserved by that process," he told the BBC.

Since these documents were given to the BBC, Derbyshire County Council has said the author of the independent safeguarding review commissioned by the Derby and Derbyshire Safeguarding Children Partnership into Finley's death would consider the information in the paperwork "to help form the partnership's learning findings and recommendations".

It added in a statement: "We remain fully engaged with the statutory legal review process which looks in depth at the role of all agencies following the death of a child."

The new timetable for Finley's return - decided on 1 October 2020 - meant he would stay overnight with his parents during the first week of transition. But by 23 November, he was living with them full-time.

Four days later, social worker Emiley Hollindale was the last professional to see Finley alive. But, when she visited Boden and Marsden's home, no-one responded to her knocks. Peering through the window she could see Finley alone, asleep on the sofa.

Just over a month later, the little boy was dead, in a once-more squalid house, reeking of cannabis.
• None Parents murdered baby placed back into their care

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Vladimir Putin has said he will discuss Xi Jinping's 12-point plan to "settle the acute crisis in Ukraine", during a highly anticipated visit to Moscow by the Chinese president.

"We're always open for a negotiation process," Mr Putin said, as the leaders called each other "dear friend".

China released a plan to end the war last month - it includes "ceasing hostilities" and resuming peace talks.

But on Friday the US warned the peace plan could be a "stalling tactic".

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said: "The world should not be fooled by any tactical move by Russia, supported by China or any other country, to freeze the war on its own terms."

He added: "Calling for a ceasefire that does not include the removal of Russian forces from Ukrainian territory would effectively be supporting the ratification of Russian conquest."

China's plan did not specifically say that Russia must withdraw from Ukraine - which Ukraine has insisted as a precondition for any talks.

Instead, it talked of "respecting the sovereignty of all countries", adding that "all parties must stay rational and exercise restraint" and "gradually de-escalate the situation".

The plan also condemned the usage of "unilateral sanctions" - seen as a veiled criticism of Ukraine's allies in the West.

On Monday, a military band gave Mr Xi a warm welcome to Moscow. Mr Putin hailed China for "observing the principles of justice" and pushing for "undivided security for every country".

In return, Mr Xi told Mr Putin: "Under your strong leadership, Russia has made great strides in its prosperous development. I am confident that the Russian people will continue to give you their firm support."

Before Mr Xi's arrival, Mr Putin wrote in China's People's Daily newspaper that the two nations would not be weakened by "aggressive" US policy.

Publicly, Ukrainian leaders have been emphasising the common ground they have with China - respecting sovereignty and territorial integrity.

But privately, they have been lobbying for a meeting - or telephone call - between President Volodymyr Zelensky and Mr Xi.

The fear in Kyiv is that China's support for Russia - currently based around technology and trade - might become military, potentially including artillery shells.

"If China does move to openly supply weapons to Russia, it will in effect be taking part in the conflict on the side of the aggressor," said Oleksiy Danilov, the secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council.

It was in Beijing's interests to stabilise the relationship with Russia, with which it shares a 4,300km (2,700 mile) border, said Yu Jie, a research fellow on China at Chatham House.

Russia is a source of oil for Beijing's huge economy, and is seen as a partner in standing up to the US.

Ms Yu added that Mr Xi had just scored a diplomatic victory in mediating between Iran and Saudi Arabia, which have now resumed diplomatic ties.

This could be a chance for him to explore the opportunity to mediate between Russia and Ukraine.

On Monday evening, Mr Xi was treated to a seven-course meal including nelma fish from the Pechora River in northern Russia, a traditional Russian seafood soup and pancakes with quail - alongside Russian wine.

Presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov indicated there would be a "detailed explanation" of Moscow's actions in Ukraine over dinner. Russian and Chinese delegations will hold talks on Tuesday - the main day of the visit.

The meeting comes days after the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued an arrest warrant for the Russian president over war crime allegations.

This means Mr Putin could technically be arrested in 123 countries - though neither China nor Russia are on that list.

Making a trip to Moscow so soon after the ICC's announcement suggests China feels "no responsibility to hold the Kremlin accountable" for atrocities in Ukraine, Mr Blinken said.

Western leaders have been attempting since last February to isolate Russia, following its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

But they have been unable to establish a global consensus, with China, India and several African nations reluctant to condemn Mr Putin.

A lawsuit filed by Tiger Woods' ex-girlfriend claims he tricked her into packing a bag and leaving their shared home before locking her out.

Lawyers for Erica Herman, who began dating the golfer in 2017, argue she is owed $30m (£25m) due to the way she was suddenly evicted from the house.

In a separate lawsuit, she wants a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) she signed with Mr Woods to be cancelled.

A representative for Mr Woods, 47, did not immediately comment.

The couple's break-up has not been formally announced. They have not been seen together in public since attending the US Open tennis tournament in New York last August.

Ms Herman, 38, had previously worked at the 15-time major champion's Florida restaurant, The Woods Jupiter.

A lawsuit she filed in October against a homestead trust held by Mr Woods has only now emerged. It alleges she was locked out of their shared home in Hobe Sound, Florida.

"Specifically, by trickery, agents of the Defendant convinced the Plaintiff to pack a suitcase for a short vacation and, when she arrived at the airport, they told her she had been locked out of her residence," according to the court documents seen by the BBC.

The legal action says Ms Herman's personal possessions were removed from the property.

She also says that $40,000 of her money was "misappropriated", adding that representatives of the trust then made "scurrilous and defamatory allegations about how she obtained the money".

Separate legal documents filed by Ms Herman's lawyers on Monday in a court in Martin County, Florida, near where the couple had been living together, challenge her NDA with Mr Woods.

The civil lawsuit, also reviewed by BBC News, argues Ms Herman's agreement with Mr Woods is "invalid and unenforceable" due to the 2022 Speak Out Act, which limits the enforceability of NDAs in cases of sexual assault or harassment.

However, her legal action does not detail any such allegations.

Ms Herman, her lawyers say, is "currently unsure what other information about her own life she may discuss or with whom".

Her attorney, Benjamin Hodas, did not immediately respond to a BBC request for comment.

Ms Herman had been regularly seen by Mr Woods' side in the past six years, including as he was recovering from a severe car accident that, it was initially feared, could end his golf career.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. From 2021: Tiger Woods fans react to his car accident

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

King Charles III's state visit to France has been postponed after a request by President Emmanuel Macron, Downing Street says.

The president said "we would not be sensible and would lack common sense" to go ahead after unions called a day of pension protests during the visit.

The trip to Paris and Bordeaux had been due to begin on Sunday.

But both cities were caught up in violence on Thursday, some of the worst since demonstrations began in January.

Buckingham Palace said the decision to postpone the three-day visit by Charles III and Camilla, the Queen Consort, was due to the "situation in France".

"Their Majesties greatly look forward to the opportunity to visit France as soon as dates can be found," the statement added.

President Macron said that from the moment on Thursday night when unions announced a 10th national day of action for Tuesday, two days into the state visit, he felt it would be inappropriate for the King and Camilla to travel.

"As we have considerable friendship, respect and esteem for His Majesty and the Queen Consort and the British people, I took the initiative this morning to call [the King] and explain the situation... Common sense and friendship led us to suggest a postponement."

The UK government added the decision had been "taken with the consent of all parties". Mr Macron said France had proposed moving the trip to early summer, "when things calm down again".

The King and Queen Consort, pictured in Bolton in January

The decision is a significant loss of face for France and for President Macron. This was supposed to have been a showcase for France, introducing the new monarch to the best of French life and cementing a newly awakened friendship.

The president's opponents on the left and right reacted fast.

Eric Ciotti of the Republicans said the cancellation brought "shame on our country" while Jean-Luc Mélenchon on the far left was delighted the "meeting of kings at Versailles" had been broken up, adding that "the English" knew that France's interior minister was "pathetic on security".

The protests had made the trip impossible. Several French cities saw violence on the sidelines of Thursday's largely peaceful demonstrations that attracted more than a million people.

The entrance to the town hall in Bordeaux was set alight. In Paris, tear gas was fired and Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin said 903 fires were lit, in a city where refuse has been left uncollected since 6 March.

Hundreds of police officers were hurt across France, but protesters were injured by stun grenades and the Council of Europe said there was no justification for "excessive force" by authorities.

For much of Friday morning, French officials had sought to reassure the public that the state visit, from 26 to 29 March, would go ahead and that security was in place. Some UK journalists had already travelled to Paris to cover the event.

This was a hugely important trip for the King: a first state visit, and to one of the UK's closest and oldest allies. The King and Camilla were due to ride along the Champs-Elysées in the heart of Paris and have a banquet at Versailles with President Macron.

Camilla was expected to open an art exhibition at one of the main Paris attractions, the Musée d'Orsay. They were then expected to head to Bordeaux.

But every step of the visit was at risk of being targeted by protests and eventually it was cancelled. Even the people who roll out the red carpets were planning strike action.

Interior Minister Mr Darmanin said earlier on Friday that there were "no known threats" to the King. Bordeaux Mayor Pierre Hurmic said the trip to his city had been adapted so it "can go ahead under the best security, so as not to expose the King to the slightest difficulty".

However, facing the prospect of showing the King through rubbish and graffiti-strewn streets, with every public appearance smothered in security, and every movement threatened by strikes, the French president made the obvious choice.

It may have been a joint decision with the UK government, but he was the one under pressure.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Rubbish and e-scooters set on fire in France pension protests

The trip to Bordeaux, originally intended to focus on organic vineyards, went up in flames. The town hall, its front door set alight on Thursday, was due to be part of the visit.

Domestically, the image would have played badly for the president. Dining with a king in Versailles would have been jarringly inappropriate and could have played rather too directly into the hands of his detractors.

A TV interview that President Macron gave on the eve of Thursday's national action appeared to galvanise protesters, when he described the government's reforms as an economic necessity, saying he was prepared to accept the resulting unpopularity.

His government decided on Monday to force through the reforms, which raise the pension age from 62 to 64 and extend contributions by workers to 43 years.

As the president and prime minister realised they would struggle to pass the law in the National Assembly, they resorted to a constitutional power to bypass a vote.

"I listened to Macron yesterday and it was as if someone was spitting in our face," said Adèle, a 19-year-old law student in Nanterre. "For this pension reform, there is another way and if he doesn't do that, it's because he's not listening to the people. There's a clear lack of democracy," she told the BBC.

While the postponement will be highly embarrassing for President Macron, it will also be disappointing for King Charles.

State visits are made on the advice of the government. All the background briefing had been that this was an important diplomatic statement about rebuilding relationships with European neighbours.

The King and Camilla were due to travel from France to Germany on Wednesday. Charles's first state visit will instead begin in Berlin.
• None In pictures: Rubbish and fires in French protests

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Mr Russell told BBC Scotland's The Sunday Show that there is "tremendous mess" in the SNP over the party's leadership race.,

There is "tremendous mess" in the SNP over the party's leadership race, the new interim chief executive has said.

SNP President Mike Russell, who stepped in to replace outgoing Peter Murrell, said the voting process must go ahead regardless.

Mr Murrell resigned on Saturday after taking responsibility for misleading the media on party membership numbers.

All three candidates vying for the leadership of the SNP have pledged to reform its operations.

Mr Murrell, who is married to outgoing party leader Nicola Sturgeon, resigned with immediate effect on Saturday, saying he had become a distraction to the leadership race.

He had been set to face a vote of no confidence by the National Executive Committee (NEC) had he not stepped down, the BBC has been told.

His resignation came a day after that of Murray Foote, the SNP's head of media at Holyrood. He had previously described press reports about the membership numbers as "inaccurate" and "drivel".

However, an NEC source told the BBC Mr Foote had been "thrown under the bus" by Mr Murrell.

The party this week confirmed there had been a big drop in membership numbers.

Speaking on BBC Scotland's The Sunday Show, Mr Russell said the SNP was "basically a good party" but things had gone "spectacularly wrong in recent weeks".

He said: "I think it is fair to say there is a tremendous mess and we have to clear it up, and that's the task I'm trying to take on in the short term."

Peter Murrell said he had become a distraction to the leadership race

Mr Russell said the most important thing now was that "they have a fair electoral process that produces a clear accepted outcome".

"We have got to have this concluded in the next eight days and then... the new leader has to look at the party and say let's rebuild this and let's rebuild the trust of Scotland."

He added: "This has not been an edifying process. There hasn't been a contested leadership in the SNP for 19 years, and it shows."

Mr Russell said he did not know that the SNP membership numbers had dropped by about a third over about two years, and said he did not know if it was related to the controversial Gender Recognition Reform bill.

"We were losing members and we were losing members that we should have known about, absolutely," he said.

"We were clearly not told about that. That is something I want to know why that took place, but I don't want to know it this week.

"What I want to know this week is we have got a process we can complete and can get a new leader of the party."

Two of the leadership candidates, Kate Forbes and Ash Regan, last week questioned the independence of the election process.

On Sunday, Ms Forbes said future decisions had to be made by "a big team" rather than a few people.

Speaking on Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg, she said SNP members wanted to know that the institution was democratic.

"There have been questions around, for example, the membership numbers that we've been looking for answers to," she said.

"I think at the heart of this is that the decisions within the SNP have been taken by too few people and I think that's well recognised across the political domain."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Kate Forbes told the Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme: "Decisions within the SNP have been taken by too few people".

She added that members felt disempowered from the process.

"I think within government we need to make sure that it's a wide tent with a big team, rather than a very few people making decisions," Ms Forbes said.

She said she favoured a different approach to leading the party.

"We have a self-professed continuity candidate who says that he's going to keep doing the same things, and my response to that would be, you do the same things and get the same results," Ms Forbes said

"Let's put integrity, honesty at the heart, let's make the case for change and it's not just a change in terms of our policies, it's a change in terms of delivery and the culture of transparency," she said.

Leadership candidate Humza Yousaf has promised an internal shake-up from day one, telling the BBC: "There needs to be internal reform within our headquarters, of that there is simply no doubt.

"I've said from day one, since I launched my campaign, that internal reform is very much needed and certainly I will be looking to see what I can do to shake up that operation at headquarters from day one."

But during a visit to Glasgow Gurdwara, Mr Yousaf said the party's row over membership numbers was an "own goal".

Discussing the party's finances, he added: "I've not delved into this - I don't know the finances of the party because I don't hold an office-bearer position. But clearly If I'm elected leader of the SNP it's one of the first things I'd want to get up to speed on."

Ash Regan said she was "encouraged to see the democratic foundations of the party now asserting their rightful function".

She added that the SNP's foundations were based on accountability, transparency, modernity and accessibility.

Ms Forbes also told Laura Kuenssberg that on approaching the contest, she had weighed up having a young family with future potential responsibilities.

She gave birth to her daughter in August last year and was on maternity leave when First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced her resignation.

"I've had to juggle a very young family with the contest but many mothers do that," she said.

Who are the SNP candidates?

Ms Forbes added that the role of first minister should be open to anyone, irrespective of their personal circumstances.

Within a couple of days of confirming she would stand in the contest, Ms Forbes found herself at the centre of a political storm.

She lost several supporters after telling journalists she would not have voted for gay marriage had she been an MSP at the time.

Subsequently Ms Forbes told Sky News that she believed having children outside marriage was "wrong" according to her faith as a member of the evangelical Free Church of Scotland, while stressing that: "In a free society you can do what you want."

But on Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg, she addressed the gay community, saying: "I give you an honest pledge today to govern in a way that delivers for you, that does not in any way undermine your rights and actually seeks to enhance your opportunities in Scotland to ensure that Scotland is truly that tolerant and pluralistic nation that we all want to see."

Ms Forbes said that people were "rightly scrutinising" who she was and what she believed.

She added: "I also think that in a pluralistic society, in a tolerant society, we can find a way to live together and to defend one another's rights.

"It's incumbent on me as a person of a minority community, somebody of faith to defend other minorities' rights and I hope that they might defend my rights too, that is truly the definition of a tolerant society."

Ms Forbes also confirmed that despite her faith, she would work on Sundays if she was appointed first minister.

She said: "The nature of the job is, of course, that it's 24/7. I recognise that. I hope nobody would begrudge me some hours off every week to be with family because I think that certainly makes for a more balanced life and hopefully better decision-making."

Opposition parties have criticised the SNP's handling of the leadership race and suggested Mr Russell was not being honest about party membership numbers.

The Scottish Conservatives said Mr Russell must have been the most "hands-off party president ever" if he did not know about falling numbers.

Party chairman Craig Hoy said: "He's asking us to believe that he had no idea what the SNP membership figures were until they were published a few days ago, nor who was responsible for ordering the party's former chief spin doctor to rubbish a perfectly accurate newspaper report on that figure.

"This is symptomatic of the secrecy and lack of accountability which infects the top of the SNP."

Scottish Labour deputy leader Jackie Baillie said the "election is in chaos" with allegations and resignations appearing on a daily basis.

"There is no way the president of the SNP did not know about the exodus of members from the party," she said. "Mr Russell should 'grasp the thistle' by facing up to the chaos in his party.

"If this is how the SNP run their own party, just imagine the chaos in government - Scotland deserves better."

Jeremy Clarkson had already admitted his language was "disgraceful" and said he was "profoundly sorry"

A column by Jeremy Clarkson in the Sun - in which he wrote about the Duchess of Sussex being paraded naked in the street - was sexist, the press regulator has ruled.

A record 25,000 people complained to Ipso, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, about the article.

The imagery was "humiliating and degrading towards the duchess", Ipso chairman Lord Faulks said.

They added that the article, published by the Sun in December 2022, was also spreading "dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny".

Responding to the Ipso ruling the Sun said it "accepts that with free expression comes responsibility".

The Sun and its columnist apologised for the column last December and removed the article from its website. However while it has said the column fell "short of its high editorial standards and should not have been published" it has not accepted that it breached the editor's code, saying concerns raised were a "matter of taste and judgement".

Nevertheless after investigating the article, Ipso ruled the newspaper had indeed broken its editors' code of practice as the piece contained a "pejorative and prejudicial reference" to Meghan's sex.

The watchdog rejected complaints that the piece was discriminatory on the grounds of race, inaccurate or sought to harass the duchess.

In the column, Clarkson wrote that he was "dreaming of the day when [Meghan] is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while crowds chant, 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her".

He later explained that he had been thinking of a scene in Game of Thrones, but wrote the column in a hurry and forgot to mention the TV show.

The Sun has published a summary of the regulator's findings on the same page as the column usually appears, as well as running it on the front page of their website.

Elsewhere in the column, Clarkson wrote that he hated Meghan "on a cellular level".

Clarkson compared his hatred of the duchess with his feelings towards former Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and serial killer Rose West. The regulator found this comparison was because all three are female.

Ipso's chief executive, Charlotte Dewar, told the BBC the regulator had considered complaints from gender equality charity The Fawcett Society and The Wilde Foundation, a charity that helps victims and survivors of abuse.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex dismissed apologies from Clarkson and The Sun

She said the remedy for this breach was the publication of Ipso's decision for Sun readers and also for the wider public to know the reasons for the finding adding, they had conducted a "fair, independent, impartial and thorough investigation".

She confirmed the complaints about the article had not come from the duchess.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Saturday, Ms Dewar said some complainants had felt passages had "racial connotations" but IPSO had not established these references were discriminatory.

Asked if it mattered if the Sun had not accepted that there was a breach of the editors' code, Ms Dewar said: "What matters to many people is that they did immediately remove the article very shortly after publication and they have apologised and accepted it should not have happened."

She said the complaint had been upheld and the finding meant the paper was required to look at the processes that led to the article.

Responded to Ipso's ruling, the Sun said: "Half of the Sun's readers are women and we have a very long and proud history of campaigning for women which has changed the lives of many."

It acknowledged Ipso ruled that Clarkson's column "contained a pejorative and prejudicial reference to the duchess's sex".

But it added the regulator had not upheld separate elements of the complaint - that the article was inaccurate, harassed the duchess or included discriminatory references on the grounds of race.

The BBC has contacted Prince Harry and Meghan for comment, along with Clarkson.

"This was a particularly egregious example of media misogyny, and our case was that the language in it and the tropes that Jeremy Clarkson used added up to sexism and discrimination against Meghan Markle that was harmful to her," she told the BBC.

She called for an investigation into how these "toxic comments" made it on to the pages "of one of our biggest newspapers".

Senior Labour MP Harriet Harman, the society's incoming chairwoman, called Ipso's ruling "a big step forward for women in the battle against sexism in the media".

Clarkson has said that when he read the article in the paper, he realised he had "completely messed up".

In January he said he had emailed the couple over Christmas 2022 to tell them "the language I'd used in my column was disgraceful and that I was profoundly sorry".

The Sun as well as deleting the column from its website said at the time that it was "sincerely sorry".

However, Harry and Meghan's spokesperson dismissed that apology, accusing the paper of profiting and exploiting "hate, violence and misogyny".

"A true apology would be a shift in their coverage and ethical standards for all," they said.

The article attracted the highest number of complaints since Ipso was established in 2014.

Finley Boden was 10 months old when he was murdered on Christmas Day in 2020

The parents of a 10-month-old boy have been convicted of murdering him - 39 days after he was placed back into their care.

Stephen Boden and partner Shannon Marsden killed Finley Boden, who died on Christmas Day in 2020.

Finley was found to have suffered 130 "appalling" injuries.

A jury found the pair, from Chesterfield, Derbyshire, guilty of murder following a trial at Derby Crown Court on Friday.

They will be sentenced on 26 May.

Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden were convicted at Derby Crown Court

The couple were responsible for what the court heard was the "savage and brutal" murder of their son after burning and beating him in repeated acts of violence.

Finley's injuries included 57 breaks to his bones, 71 bruises and two burns on his left hand - one "from a hot, flat surface", the other probably "from a cigarette lighter flame".

He collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest at the family's "cluttered" and filthy terraced home in Holland Road, Old Whittington - with faeces later found in the bedroom.

Paramedics were called there in the early hours of Christmas Day and Finley was taken to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.

When the verdicts were read out, Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden showed no reaction.

Judge Mrs Justice Amanda Tipples held back tears as she addressed the jury and thanked them for their "extremely impressive" conduct throughout the trial.

As she spoke, at least four jury members were in tears, and all were excused from taking part in jury service again for life, due to the distressing nature of the case.

Finley, pictured on 30 November 2020, less than four weeks before he was killed

Child protection concerns meant Finley was taken from his parents shortly after he was born in February 2020.

But later that year, he was returned to their care through a court order following an eight-week transition, despite social workers asking for a six-month period.

The court heard the pair worked together to keep professionals away from Finley to protect each other and to cover up serious violence.

This included cancelling a health visitor appointment two days before he died and telling social services when they arrived unannounced that Finley may have Covid-19 and refusing to let them in.

A child safeguarding review into the circumstances surrounding Finley's death is currently under way.

A spokeswoman for Derbyshire County Council said it would be "fully engaged" with the independent review, adding it would "not be appropriate" to comment further until it was complete.

Police described the conditions Finley was living in as "filthy"

The court heard both Boden, 30, and Marsden, 22, were regular and heavy users of cannabis, who prioritised getting money to spend on the drug over their son's care.

Toxicology tests showed cannabis was found in Finley's blood, indicating that he must have inhaled smoke in the 24 hours before his death, the court was told.

The court was shown text messages sent from the couple's shared mobile phone - with jurors told the author of each message was not always clear.

In one message to a contact saved as "Smokey J" at 12:39 GMT on 23 December 2020, the author said the "little one" had "kept me up all night".

The message added: "I want to bounce him off the walls. Haha."

Police documented the state of the home Finley was living in as part of their investigation

After Finley died, Boden was heard telling Marsden at hospital he was going to sell Finley's pushchair "on eBay" - but later told police he only said it "in an effort to lighten the mood".

Prosecutor Mary Prior KC said Boden later told a relative that Finley had been crying, so "in his words, he 'shook him a little bit'".

But she added Marsden, visiting Finley's body in a hospital chapel of rest on 11 January 2021, said: "His dad's battered him to death. I didn't protect him."

Boden had claimed the family dog may have "jumped on" his son, inflicting broken ribs, while a tear to the inside of Finley's mouth - likely caused by a dummy being rammed in - was blamed on the child hitting himself with a rattle.

A child safeguarding review into the circumstances surrounding Finley's death is currently under way

Det Insp Stephen Shaw, who led the police investigation, said: "Finley Boden died in what should have been the safest place in the world for him - his own home.

"No verdict or jail sentence will bring Finley back, however, we now know the truth of what happened to him, and justice has been delivered."

Such tragedies almost defy comprehension but it may shock people to learn that the most likely age to be murdered in England and Wales is in the very first year of life.

On average 20 children under one are the victims of homicide each year. Each death results in an official review of what went wrong and then, as anguish over cases builds, a formal inquiry is launched.

Three such inquiries into children's social care in England reported back last year. All three came to similar conclusions - the system needed a radical overhaul.

Two months ago, the government responded - agreeing that children's social care did need a "major reset".

A consultation document was published by the Department for Education in February entitled 'Stable Homes, Built on Love'. It wrote of the need for phased reform, laying foundations, setting the direction for change, bringing forward new legislation subject to parliamentary time.

Critics noted the £200m investment promised over the next two years is just a fifth of the billion pounds the government-commissioned inquiry into child social care in England had recommended. Some professionals lamented the lengthy timescale for reform.

There is general agreement that what is needed is effective multi-agency support for vulnerable children and their families. Inquiries have been trying to achieve that for decades.

This awful case adds to the anguish at society's inability to protect its most defenceless citizens.

Sir Peter Wanless, chief executive of the NSPCC, added: "It is deeply harrowing and difficult to comprehend the suffering that Finley experienced leading up to his death, inflicted by the very people who should have been caring for him and protecting him from harm.

"The death of a child in such brutal circumstances leaves many of us asking questions and we await the child safeguarding practice review to provide answers as soon as possible."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Joe Biden boarded Air Force One with his sister Valerie and his son Hunter (left) for their flight to Belfast

US President Joe Biden said his priority was to "keep the peace" in Northern Ireland as he set off on Air Force One for a visit to Belfast.

He will arrive in the city tonight to mark the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday peace agreement.

The 1998 deal brought an end to the Troubles - the decades-long violent conflict in Northern Ireland in which thousands of people were killed.

A huge security operation is already in place in Belfast for Mr Biden's visit.

While he has praised what politicians did to secure peace in 1998, his visit is overshadowed by the fact that Northern Ireland's power-sharing government is not functioning.

It collapsed last year when the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) - one of the biggest parties at Stormont - pulled out as part of a protest against post-Brexit trade rules for Northern Ireland.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Joe Biden said his trip would focus on keeping the peace as he departed Joint Base Andrews in Maryland for Belfast

Ahead of his arrival, Mr Biden said: "I look forward to marking the anniversary in Belfast, underscoring the US commitment to preserving peace and encouraging prosperity."

His visit to Belfast will be the first leg of a four-day stay in Ireland, during which he will discuss his Irish roots and meet Irish relatives.

Mr Biden's trip comes two weeks after MI5 said the terrorism threat level in Northern Ireland had increased due to a rise in activity by dissident republicans.

During an illegal parade by dissident republicans in Londonderry on Monday petrol bombs were thrown at a police vehicle but the violence was confined to one area and ended a short time later.

On Tuesday, police found four suspected pipe bombs inside the grounds of the City Cemetery in Derry. They believe they were to be used in a planned attack on officers after Monday's parade.

The president's spokesman said Mr Biden was "more than comfortable making this trip" despite the terrorism threat.

On Monday the 80-year-old dropped another hint that he would seek re-election in 2024, saying he planned to run again but was "not prepared to announce it yet".

The president left Washington DC on Air Force One at about 10:00 EDT (15:00 BST) and will be met by PM Rishi Sunak when he lands at Belfast International Airport later.

Police have warned of traffic delays around the airport as officers facilitate the presidential motorcade.

Mr Biden will arrive as strong winds and heavy rain are sweeping across Northern Ireland, with a weather warning having been issued by forecasters.

Hundreds of extra police officers have been drafted into Belfast ahead of Joe Biden's arrival

He is expected to stay at a Belfast city centre hotel and, while his visit to Northern Ireland is much shorter than originally expected, Downing Street has dismissed suggestions it will be a "low-key" event.

The main event will be a speech at the new Ulster University campus in Belfast.

It is understood that he will use that to underscore the willingness of the US to help to preserve what he sees as the peace and prosperity gained since the Good Friday Agreement.

The president is also expected to talk about how the US administration can support Northern Ireland's economy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

And he is expected to meet the leaders of Stormont's five main political parties at some point during his brief time in the city.

There has been a huge police presence in the centre of Belfast since Monday afternoon and that will continue all through Tuesday and into Wednesday.

On Bedford Street police officers are patrolling at barricades close to the Grand Central Hotel but pedestrians can pass through and businesses in the area are operating as usual.

There has been some tension behind the scenes about the details of this visit.

Things have been strained between Downing Street and the White House in terms of what the president will do in Northern Ireland and the fact that he will not go to Stormont.

Rishi Sunak was keen to have his moment - this is, after all, a US presidential visit to the UK on his watch.

He will greet the president at the bottom of the steps of Air Force One tonight and there's a half-hour set aside for a one-to-one meeting on Wednesday - but not much more beyond that.

The PM will be not be at Ulster University with other politicians during the president's only public engagement in Belfast.

The fact that he will be doing other things elsewhere in Northern Ireland at the time is telling considering how important this visit is.

Michelle O'Neill, the vice-president of Sinn Féin, the largest party at Stormont, said Mr Biden's visit would be a special moment that "cements our close bonds of friendship".

Former Prime Minister Tony Blair said Mr Biden's visit could have a positive effect on restoring power-sharing at Stormont, but warned American influence on Northern Ireland should be handled with care.

"There's a difference between influencing and pressurising - one tends to be positive and the other can be negative," said Mr Blair.

"One thing I learned about the unionists is if you try to pressurise them to do something they are fundamentally in disagreement with it's usually futile pressure."

Newry man John Owen Finegan - a fourth cousin of Joe Biden - is hoping to meet him this week

Former Irish ambassador to the US Daniel Mulhall said Mr Biden would have preferred to have spoken to politicians at a functioning Stormont assembly, but said the message of the president's visit to Northern Ireland was essentially that America is here to help."

While Mr Sunak will not meet any of Northern Ireland's political leaders while he is in Belfast, Downing Street said this did not mean he had given up on getting the DUP back into power-sharing.

Mr Biden will leave Belfast on Wednesday afternoon to travel to the Republic of Ireland for three days of events in counties Louth and Mayo - where he has relatives - as well as Dublin.

He regularly speaks of his Irish heritage and had promised to visit the country during his presidency.

A US genealogist who researched his lineage had estimated he is "roughly five-eighths" Irish.

Among his great-grandparents was Edward Blewitt, an engineer and brickmaker who left the west coast town of Ballina in County Mayo in 1850.

He settled in Scranton in Pennsylvania as the devastating Irish potato famine was causing widespread starvation.

President Biden's maternal great-great-grandfather Owen Finnegan departed Carlingford in County Louth in the late 1840s to travel to America.

Joe Biden will visit the locations marked on this map during his four days in Ireland

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement - the deal which heralded the end of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

They look at what the agreement actually said and hear from some of the people who helped get the deal across the line.

Listen to all episodes of Year '98: The Making of the Good Friday Agreement on BBC Sounds.

Adam Price says he no longer had the support of his party

Adam Price has quit as Plaid Cymru leader after a report found misogyny, harassment and bullying in the party.

North Wales Senedd member Llyr Gruffydd will take over as interim leader, with a new leader in place in the summer, the party has said.

It follows months of difficulties including allegations of a sexual assault made against a senior staff member, and a toxic working culture.

In his resignation letter, Mr Price said he no longer had the "united support" of his colleagues.

He said he wanted to resign in the wake of the report's findings, but was initially persuaded not to quit.

"You have my personal assurance that I will continue to serve my country, my constituents and our party with determination and enthusiasm," he said in a letter to party chairman, Marc Jones.

On Thursday Labour First Minister Mark Drakeford said discussions on his co-operation agreement with Plaid will take place "in light of recent developments"

He thanked Mr Price "for the constructive way the Welsh government and Plaid Cymru have worked together".

The resignation announcement was made following a meeting of the party's ruling body, the National Executive Committee (NEC), late on Wednesday night.

One source from the meeting said some members raised the possibility of Adam Price remaining in post.

But it was considered untenable given the seriousness of the findings of the review.

Plaid's Westminster leader Liz Saville Roberts said Mr Price was not asked to resign in the wake of the "toxic culture" report because "stability" was needed to implement its recommendations.

Interim Plaid Cymru leader Llyr Gruffydd has been in the Senedd since 2011

Speaking on the Today programme, Liz Saville Roberts said: "Effective leadership is about balancing conflicting demands.

"What we felt strongly was that we needed a collegiate approach within the party because it (the report) cuts across all aspects of the party and it requires a change of culture".

"In order to do that we would need stability".

She also told BBC Radio Wales Breakfast that Mr Price had to go because he had become a "distraction".

She ruled herself out of a leadership contest, saying any new leader would have to be an elected member in the Senedd.

"I'm an MP in Westminster so that's done and dusted," she said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Adam Price apologised last week but said the damning report points to a "collective failure" across the party

Mr Gruffydd's appointment as interim leader was agreed at a meeting of the party's Senedd members on Thursday and will need to be rubber-stamped by Plaid Cymru's National Council on Saturday.

He will not stand in the forthcoming leadership contest

Mr Gruffydd said he was "grateful to the Plaid Cymru Senedd group" for the nomination and thanked Mr Price for his "vision, commitment, and dedication".

Plaid Cymru is the third largest party in the Welsh Parliament, with 12 Members of the Senedd and three MPs in Westminster.

The pro-independence party is in a co-operation agreement with the Welsh Labour government, which means they help them govern.

Mr Price was elected party leader in 2018, when he ousted Leanne Wood.

Welsh Conservative leader, Andrew RT Davies, said: "I have no doubt Adam Price's departure is a moment of personal sadness for him.

"Following the recent report into the culture within their party, it became clear Plaid Cymru politicians no longer had confidence in his leadership, so his departure became inevitable."

For the converted, the die-hard believers, it wasn't meant to be like this.

Adam Price was touted by many in Plaid Cymru as a "once in a generation" politician who could overcome the party's many electoral barriers.

When he challenged his predecessor for the leadership in 2018, he said only he could "create the momentum" Plaid needed to become Wales' main party of government and install him as first minister.

And yet, there was no great advance at the following Senedd election - Plaid remains in third place behind the Welsh Conservatives.

Supporters will say it was an election like no other, one focused almost entirely on the public's broadly favourable opinion of the Welsh Labour government's handling of the pandemic.

It is clear, though, that some of the sheen had faded and in terms of public support, the party remains no further forward under Adam Price's leadership.

As it nears its 100th birthday celebrations, Plaid Cymru will seek its 11th leader with many of the perennial questions about its purpose, its lack of reach beyond the heartlands and its relationship with Welsh Labour likely to be raised.

But it is the drip, drip of negative stories over the last year, culminating in a damning report that found a toxic culture within the party that meant Adam Price's position was no longer tenable.

Addressing those major issues will be his successor's primary focus.

Since last year Plaid Cymru has been dogged by claims of a toxic culture in the party, and it emerged last November that an allegation of sexual assault had been made against a senior member of staff.

Separately, a serious allegation was also made about the conduct of a Member of the Senedd, Rhys ab Owen, who is now suspended from the Senedd group pending an investigation.

The party asked Nerys Evans, a lobbyist and former Plaid assembly member, to hold a review last December.

Her working group's report said Plaid needed to "detoxify a culture of harassment, bullying and misogyny".

It said too many instances of bad behaviour were tolerated, and said an anonymous survey of staff and elected members highlighted examples "of sexual harassment, bullying and discrimination".

Mr Price admitted the document left Plaid Cymru "harmed and tarnished". He apologised, but refused to quit.

In his resignation letter, Mr Price said: "On receiving the report, I informed you that I felt morally bound to step down as leader of the party in recognition of our collective failure."

"You counselled against my resignation as you felt it would make it more difficult to achieve progress in implementing the recommendations."

He said he was "persuaded by the argument that my stepping down would be an abdication of responsibility".

But he added: "It is now clear I no longer have the united support of my colleagues that would be necessary to follow this course to fruition."

Mr Drakeford said: "I want to thank Adam Price for the constructive way the Welsh government and Plaid Cymru have worked together to develop and implement the co-operation agreement. These shared priorities are making a real difference to people across Wales.

"The co-operation agreement is an agreement between the Welsh government and Plaid Cymru - not between individuals. There will be discussions about the agreement in light of recent developments."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Focus on union after 'difficult week' for DUP - Robinson

Upheaval in the DUP over the resignation of Jeffrey Donaldson as party leader should not deflect unionism from the task ahead, Gavin Robinson has said.

The interim DUP leader was speaking almost a week on from being installed in the role.

Sir Jeffrey resigned as party leader on Friday after being charged with rape and other historical sexual offences.

He has said he will strenuously contest the allegations.

On Thursday, Mr Robinson - who is also the East Belfast MP - said he had been engaging with colleagues over the last number of days and that the past week had been "incredibly difficult and shocking".

But he said the news "should not deflect from the important task we have ahead of us as representatives for unionism and for Northern Ireland".

"Let me assure you that our focus is undiminished on making sure our place in the UK is as strong as it can be, recognising the importance associated with the restoration of devolution," he said.

Mr Robinson said there were "no mixed messages" about support for him within the party.

However, when asked whether there was unity about the deal the party signed up to that restored Stormont, he said that work continued.

He also criticised those he claimed sought to use events of the past week "to sow discord for party political purposes".

He added that in the coming weeks, there would be internal discussions about the leadership of the party - the deputy leader position is now vacant.

Mr Robinson had held it since last June before taking over as interim leader.

He said it was an internal matter and that the party would not be "inviting introspection or encouraging disharmony where there is none".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Earlier on Thursday, MP Carla Lockhart said there were no "dissenting voices" challenging Mr Robinson's installation.

Ms Lockhart, who is the MP for Upper Bann, said the revelations had come as a "big shock".

She also said whether Sir Jeffrey should stand down as MP Lagan Valley was "for him to decide".

Ms Lockhart added her voice to support for Mr Robinson and said there would be "no leadership challenges".

"Gavin has the support of the entire party, Gavin will do an excellent job," she said.

Mr Robinson had been deputy leader of the party since last June, until he was installed as interim DUP leader on Friday.

Gavin Robinson, the Belfast East MP, is the DUP's new interim leader

It is understood he had the unanimous support of the party's officers, who decide major decisions and set policy.

Ms Lockhart is one of the party's officers, and said it was "right" the DUP had taken action and that the party was focused on delivering for Northern Ireland.

"But it is important we in no way put at risk the justice system and allow the PSNI to do their jobs," she added.

The MP also insisted that the DUP was a family and "not about one person" and that the party would go into the upcoming general election as a team.

"It is important we show unionist unity and unite unionism - that's what I'm about."

On Friday, the DUP said Sir Jeffrey had confirmed he had been charged with historical allegations and was stepping down as leader.

The party's officers suspended him from membership, pending the outcome of the case.

Sir Jeffrey's letter to the DUP said he would be strenuously contesting the charges.

Meanwhile on Thursday, the police said they were investigating the contents of a social media post relating to the Sir Jeffrey Donaldson case.

The PSNI did not identify Sir Jeffrey, but said it had "received a report relating to a post online and are examining the content to determine if any offences have been committed".

It will be easier to prosecute people for sharing so-called revenge porn after a change in the law in England and Wales.

Amendments to the Online Safety Bill being tabled on Tuesday will remove the requirement for prosecutors to prove perpetrators intended to cause distress to secure a conviction.

Sharing deepfake porn is also being criminalised for the first time.

Both offences will be punishable by up to six months in prison.

This would rise to two years if intent to cause distress, alarm or humiliation, or to obtain sexual gratification could be proved.

Those who share an image for sexual gratification could also be placed on the sex offenders' register.

"Revenge porn" is sharing an intimate image without consent. "Deepfake porn" involves creating a fake explicit image or video of a person.

Revenge porn was criminalised in 2015 but up until now prosecutors had to prove there was an intention to cause humiliation or distress.

TV personality Georgia Harrison, whose ex-partner Stephen Bear was jailed earlier this year for posting intimate footage of her on his OnlyFans account, was among those to call for a change to the legislation.

The Love Island star said she was grateful for the support she had been given.

"The reforms to the law that have been passed today are going to go down in history as a turning point for generations to come and will bring peace of mind to so many victims who have reached out to me whilst also giving future victims the justice they deserve," she said.

Georgia Harrison said she felt "vindicated" when her ex-partner was jailed earlier this year for sharing a private video of them having sex

The government announced its intention to legislate last year, and the amendments are part of the Online Safety Bill, which is due to be voted on by MPs later this month before it becomes law.

Justice Secretary Alex Chalk said: "We are cracking down on abusers who share or manipulate intimate photos in order to hound or humiliate women and girls.

"Our changes will give police and prosecutors the powers they need to bring these cowards to justice, safeguarding women and girls from such vile abuse."

Deepfakes have been increasing in recent years with a website that virtually strips women naked receiving 38 million hits in the first eight months of 2021.

Research shows one in seven women and one in nine men aged between 18 and 34 have experienced threats to share intimate images,.

More than 28,000 reports of disclosing private sexual images without consent were recorded by police between April 2015 and December 2021.

The overhaul of intimate image law builds on previous amendments.

A detailed review by the Law Commission recommended reforming measures protecting against intimate image abuse.

Domestic Abuse Commissioner Nicole Jacobs welcomed the news and said the changes would "hold perpetrators to account for this insidious form of abuse".

She said: "Intimate image abuse causes significant distress to victims and survivors and often exists as part of a wider pattern of abuse that continues offline."

Ruth Davison, chief executive of the domestic abuse charity Refuge, pointed to the "woefully low" conviction rates for intimate image abuse.

"The amendments to the Online Safety Bill will make it easier to prosecute perpetrators of intimate image abuse, ensuring justice and better protections for survivors," she said.

However, others have highlighted that more needs to be done to fully address image-based abuse.

Honza Červenka, a lawyer at McAllister Olivarius, said the changes were welcome but pointed out there were likely to be "jurisdictional issues".

"Some of these websites may not be easily traceable, others may be hosted in countries specifically chosen for their lax laws when it comes to online harm and harassment," he told the BBC.

"Very often, victims become aware of images resurfacing months or even years after their apparent takedown."

Rani Govender, senior child safety online policy officer at the NSPCC, said it was a positive move but big tech firms needed to be held more accountable for what was posted on their platforms.

"More needs to be done if the Online Safety Bill is to tackle the creation and sharing of child sexual abuse material which takes place on industrial levels," she said.

"The government should act today by closing a loophole in the legislation that will let tech bosses off the hook if they fail to address the way their products contribute to child sexual abuse."

Hundreds of thousands of public sector workers have been taking part in strikes over pay

Rishi Sunak has said any pay offer to public sector workers had to be "fair, affordable and responsible" in order to control rising prices.

The PM said it would be "short-sighted" to do something now that made inflation worse in the longer term.

Tackling inflation meant taking "difficult decisions" that would benefit the country, he added.

It comes as he reportedly faces pressure from ministers to accept the recommendations of pay review bodies.

The Times reported that five Cabinet ministers were lobbying the prime minister to accept pay recommendations believed to centre on around 6%.

Speaking to reporters in Selby, Yorkshire, on Saturday, Mr Sunak said "no decisions have been made" on whether to abide by the proposals.

"It would be incredibly short-sighted of the government to do something that might sound great today but ultimately just made the inflation problem worse for everybody in the long run," he said.

"So that's what we'll be guided by. We want to be fair, we want things that are affordable and responsible."

He said the government was "working incredibly hard, night and day, to bring inflation down", but warned it required "difficult decisions".

"Ultimately if we don't do that it will just make the situation worse and it will last for longer, that's not going to do anyone any good," Mr Sunak said.

"I wouldn't be the right kind of prime minister if I took the easy course. I'm going to do the right long-term thing for the country and that means bringing inflation down."

Hundreds of thousands of workers have been taking part in strikes over pay, including teachers, junior doctors, nurses, civil servants and rail workers.

Some agreements have been reached, including a pay settlement for more than a million NHS staff in England.

Almost half of public sector workers are covered by pay review bodies, including police and prison officers, the armed forces, doctors, dentists and teachers.

The pay review bodies are made up of economists and experts on human resources, with experience in both the public and private sector and are appointed by the relevant government department.

Their recommendations are not legally binding, meaning the government can choose to reject or partially ignore the advice, but it is usually accepted.

Mr Sunak has pledged to halve inflation this year to about 5%, as part of his top five priorities since becoming prime minister.

The rate at which prices are rising remained unchanged at 8.7% in May, despite predictions it would fall.

Stephen Phan was with his wife in Hawaii

Thieves robbed a man as he received help after drowning while on his honeymoon, according to US news reports and a fundraising page for his family.

Steven Phan, 49, got into trouble while snorkelling with his wife off the coast of Hawaii on 1 June.

While some people tried to help, thieves allegedly took the couple's car, phones, wallets, and clothing.

Bystanders took Mr Phan to shore and performed CPR until paramedics arrived, but he later died in hospital.

A page on the GoFundMe website has raised more than $36,000 (£28,500) out of a total goal of $40,000 by Thursday for Mr Phan's funeral costs and to support his family. The funeral is to be held next week.

"We are all shocked, in disbelief, and heartbroken at the loss of such a great man as Steven," the fundraising page stated. "Steven was a true friend and an amazing husband."

The page noted that Mr Phan and his wife had been married for just three months.

The couple lived in San Jose, California, and Mr Phan worked for Apple in nearby Cupertino, according to his LinkedIn page and a report by a local NBC News affiliate.

The BBC has contacted Honolulu police, GoFundMe and Apple for comment.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Three takeaways from Trump's day in court

If a picture is worth a thousand words, then this one tells the story of Donald Trump's arraignment.

Mr Trump appeared in a New York courtroom on Tuesday, where he was charged with 34 felony counts related to falsifying business records in connection to hush money payments paid to a porn star. She has claimed to have had an affair with him before he was president.

Seated at a table before Justice Juan Manuel Merchan, Mr Trump was joined by his team of legal heavy hitters including Todd Blanche (far left), a white-collar legal expert who has been tapped to be his lead counsel, according to Politico.

Susan Necheles (second from left) is no stranger to the Trump Organisation. She was part of the legal team that defended the company and its chief financial officer Allen Weisselberg last year in a trial for tax fraud. Mr Weisselberg was convicted. She also once represented Genovese crime family underboss Venero "Benny Eggs" Mangano, according to Reuters.

Joe Tacopina (second from right) has been a prominent figure in the weeks leading up to this arraignment, frequently speaking to media on behalf of the former president. He has also represented rapper Meek Mill, former Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez and Donald Trump Jr.'s fiancée Kimberly Guilfoyle, according to Reuters.

Boris Epshteyn (far right) is known as a fixer and part of Mr Trump's inner circle. The former political commentator and banker met Mr Trump's son, Eric Trump, at Georgetown University according to a profile by Politico, and has served as an adviser on Mr Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and in 2020.

Across the aisle sat the prosecution.

Matthew Colangelo (far left) has been tapped by New York City District Attorney Alvin Bragg to help with the investigation. He previously led a civil case against the former president.

On the right is Chris Conroy, a senior Assistant District Attorney who spoke on behalf of the prosecution during today's arraignment.

Seated behind the table, in the first row of the courtroom, was Susan Hoffinger (right), chief of the investigation division of the New York County District Attorney. Last year, she prosecuted the Trump Organisation for tax fraud, securing a conviction on all 17 counts.

Three people were injured after a woman, who was being detained, stole a gun from a guard and opened fire outside a Chilean market on Monday.

A guard and a cameraman were among the wounded. The cameraman was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where he was in stable condition, according to national newspaper La Nación.

The incident, which took place at Lo Valledor market in Santiago, was captured on a live stream.

Video showed the woman being escorted out of the market in police custody.

The NHS in England is launching a spring booster vaccine campaign against Covid-19 for people most at risk of serious illness from the disease.

Around five million are eligible, including people aged 75 and over, some people with weakened immune systems, and older residents in care homes.

From Monday, older adults in care homes are expected to begin receiving their vaccines, given by visiting NHS teams.

Other eligible people will be able to receive jabs from mid-April.

Bookings for those appointments will open on Wednesday 5 April.

The rollout follows advice from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI), published in March.

The committee said, over the course of the pandemic, data available from the UK and internationally showed older people were more likely to experience severe disease. As a result, they would gain the most from protection from an additional vaccine dose this spring.

NHS director of vaccinations and screening, Steve Russell, said: "As a society we are learning to live with Covid, but for many it is still a virus that can cause serious illness and hospitalisation, and so it is still really important that those at greatest risk come forward and boost their protection in the coming weeks.

"There are still around 8,000 people in hospital with Covid according to the latest data, and the NHS has now treated more than one million Covid in-patients since the pandemic began.

He added: "So if you are over 75 or you have a weakened immune system, please come forward as soon as possible to book a Covid vaccine this spring, so you can enjoy summer with peace of mind."

Some people aged five and over who are defined as immunosuppressed will be among those offered a booster jab.

They include people who have had organ transplants or who have blood cancer, and those undergoing chemotherapy treatment for cancer.

Millions of invitations will be sent through the NHS App, alongside texts messages and letters for those without the app or not actively using it.

People who are eligible for jabs should make sure appointments take place at least three months after their last dose.

Vaccines will be available in around 3,000 sites across England, with the majority of jabs given in pharmacies and GP surgeries.

The last spring booster appointments will be available on 30 June.

Those eligible in Wales will be offered booster appointments between 1 April and 30 June.

In Scotland, the spring vaccine rollout will begin with people living in care homes. The jab will be offered to over-75s from 11 April, and anyone aged five and over with a weakened immune system from 24 April.

In Northern Ireland spring boosters will be available from 12 April. Most people will receive invites through their GP.
• None Who can get another Covid jab this spring?

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Gary Lineker has been told to step back from presenting Match of the Day until an agreement is reached on his social media use, the BBC has said.

It follows an impartiality row over comments he made criticising the government's new asylum policy.

The BBC said it considered Lineker's "recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines".

It added he should "keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies".

The BBC asked Lineker to step back after "extensive discussions with Gary and his team in recent days".

It "decided that he will step back from presenting Match of the Day until we've got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media", the statement said.

It continued: "When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none.

"We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can't have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies."

The move has led to Saturday's Match of the Day going ahead without presenters or pundits - as one by one contributors ruled themselves out.

First, Ian Wright said he would not appear in "solidarity", tweeting: "Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I've told the BBC I won't be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity."

Alan Shearer, who also presents on the show, said he had "informed the BBC that I won't be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night".

They were followed shortly after by contributors Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards who both said that while they were not due to work on Saturday's programme, they would not have appeared. Ex-England player Alex Scott also indicated she would not go on the show.

The BBC said the programme would instead "focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry".

Lineker has not yet publicly commented but while presenting 5News earlier, former BBC presenter Dan Walker read out a text live on air from the 62-year-old.

Walker said he had messaged Lineker asking: "What is happening. Are you stepping back?"

He said he had received a reply saying: "No, they've [the BBC] told me I have to step back."

On Tuesday, Home Secretary Suella Braverman outlined the government's plans to ban people arriving in the UK illegally from ever claiming asylum, in a bid to address a rise in the number of people crossing the Channel in small boats.

Lineker reacted to it on Twitter calling it an "immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

Ms Braverman hit out at Lineker's tweet, saying it "diminishes the unspeakable tragedy" of the Holocaust.

Speaking on the BBC's Political Thinking podcast, the home secretary said the Nazi comparison was "lazy and unhelpful" and said her family "feel very keenly the impact of the Holocaust" as her husband is Jewish.

Many opposition MPs and charities also strongly objected to the government's plans.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the proposals saying stopping the arrival of small boats is a "priority" for the British people.

Richard Ayre, former controller of editorial policy at the BBC, who also served as a member of the regulator Ofcom's content board, said the corporation had "no choice" but to take action against Lineker after his tweets criticising the government's asylum policy.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's PM programme, he said: "I think it was inevitable. He [Lineker] has the letters BBC written across his forehead and yet he's plunged right into the most controversial story of the day."

He said BBC Director General Tim Davie had "clearly tried" to reach an agreement with Lineker but failed, adding: "It's inevitable now that having in effect not sacked him but removed him temporarily at least, the BBC will now come under a torrent of criticism saying it's acting under the government's behest."

A Labour source told the BBC that the corporation should "rethink their decision".

It said: "The BBC's cowardly decision to take Gary Lineker off air is an assault on free speech in the face of political pressure.

"Tory politicians lobbying to get people sacked for disagreeing with government policies should be laughed at, not pandered to. The BBC should rethink their decision."

Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon called the BBC's decision "indefensible". Writing on Twitter, she said the corporation was "undermining free speech in the face of political pressure - and it does always seem to be right-wing pressure it caves to".

The Department for Culture, Media and Sport said in a statement: "Individual cases are a matter for the BBC."

Lineker has hosted Match of the Day since 1999 and is the BBC's highest paid star, having earned about £1.35m in 2020-21.

He is employed by the BBC on a freelance basis.

The ex-footballer has previously housed asylum seekers and publicly called for better rights and protections for refugees. He has also been critical of successive Conservative governments over issues including Brexit.

His comments have attracted widespread support on social media, with one tweet getting 235,000 likes.

A man and a two-year-old child are in hospital after being hit by a train in Glasgow.

British Transport Police said they were alerted to the casualties on the tracks at Garrowhill Station shortly before 19:30 on Sunday.

Officers said the man was in a serious condition, and the child's injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Detectives believe there were a number of people on the platform who may have witnessed what happened.

They said any witnesses who had not yet spoken to the police should get in touch with British Transport Police.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Dame Elan Closs Stephens has been appointed as acting chairwoman of the BBC after Richard Sharp's resignation.

He stepped down earlier this year after breaking rules over dealings with then-PM Boris Johnson ahead of his appointment.

Dame Elan will lead the BBC board from 27 June for 12 months or until a new permanent chair has been appointed, whichever is sooner.

She said the new role was "a huge honour".

She was appointed by Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer, who said Dame Elan had "the unanimous support of the board" and "would provide stability in the leadership of the BBC".

Mr Sharp resigned in April after a report found he created the appearance of a conflict of interest by not fully disclosing his knowledge of Mr Johnson's personal finances.

His position had been scrutinised after it emerged he tried to secure a high-level government meeting for a businessman offering financial help to the former prime minister.

A report - led by barrister Adam Heppinstall KC - found in April that Mr Sharp broke the corporation's rules by not fully disclosing his part in arranging a meeting between Cabinet Secretary Simon Case and Sam Blyth, a distant cousin of Mr Johnson who had offered to support the then-PM financially.

The investigation had been launched after the Sunday Times reported that in 2020 Mr Johnson was offered a loan of up to £800,000 to top up his income.

Mr Sharp, an ex-investment banker and Conservative Party donor, had already applied for the BBC role when he approached Mr Case, and was given the job a few months later.

Dame Elan has been a member of the BBC's governing body since 2010, where she served as the member for Wales when it was the BBC Trust.

She then continued as the Welsh member of the BBC Board and has been the chairwoman of the Wales committee, and from 2019 to 2022 also served as chairwoman of the BBC's commercial subsidiary.

Dame Elan, who lives in Aberystwyth, is a native Welsh speaker and served for two terms as chairwoman of Welsh-language broadcaster S4C between 1998 and 2006.

She will still serve the British Film Institute as a non-executive director of the Imax Cinema in Waterloo and is currently the pro-chancellor and professor emerita in communications and creative industries at Aberystwyth University.

The mother of two, who is also the electoral commissioner for Wales and member of the UK Electoral Commission Board, said there was "much work to be done".

"As a board, we will champion the licence fee-payer across all of the UK, ensure the BBC is a vital partner for the UK creative industries, maintain trust, and drive change to make the BBC fit for a fast-changing media landscape," she said following the announcement.

The tram driver Alfred Dorris was cleared of a criminal charge on Monday

The driver of a tram that crashed in Croydon in November 2016, killing seven people, has been cleared of failing to take reasonable care at work.

Alfred Dorris, 49, was charged under the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 over the derailment, which left another 19 people seriously injured.

There were 69 passengers on the tram when it toppled over on a sharp bend.

A jury at the Old Bailey on Monday cleared him in less than two hours. Mr Dorris left the dock in tears.

Those who died were Dane Chinnery, Donald Collett, Robert Huxley, Philip Logan, Dorota Rynkiewicz, Philip Seary and Mark Smith.

The jury heard Mr Dorris was driving the tram at over 70km/h (43mph) - more than three times the limit - as he approached the curve near Sandilands.

The prosecution claimed Mr Dorris, from Beckenham, south-east London, may have had a "micro-sleep" while at the controls of the tram. He denied this, saying: "It just went horribly wrong for me."

Dorota Rynkiewicz, Dane Chinnery, Donald Collett, Mark Smith, Phil Seary, Philip Logan and Robert Huxley were killed in the derailment

He told the trial that he had become "confused" and "disorientated" before the tram derailed but that he could not explain how it happened.

While giving evidence, Mr Dorris broke down in tears as he described his final journey and told the victims' families he was "deeply sorry" for the crash.

He told them: "I'm a human being and sometimes as a human being things happen to you that you are not in control of."

Mr Dorris blamed his confusion on a combination of external factors including poor lighting and signage in the Sandilands tunnel complex, darkness and bad weather.

The accident happened early on the morning of 9 November 2016

He told the jury he thought he was travelling in the opposite direction, but by the time he realised his mistake the tram was already tipping over and he was thrown from his seat, causing him to hit his head and pass out.

Mr Dorris also said he had suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder since the crash and had become estranged from his wife and daughter.

Survivors described being flung about as if in a washing machine or a pinball machine, then a moment of silence before people began to scream and shout.

At the crux of this case is where the weight of responsibility lay for the safety of tram passengers. Was it with the driver or was it actually on the tram operator and Transport for London (TfL) and the systems in place?

The defence maintained there were factors outside Alfred Dorris's control that made him disorientated. He denied he had ever fallen asleep at the controls.

There were a lack of visual cues in the tunnel, poorly maintained and broken lighting - many lights didn't work at all - and poor speed limit signage. The court heard there was "an accident waiting to happen" at the corner where the crash took place.

The driver became confused and thought he was going the opposite way and not into a tight corner. The jury decided that system errors were the issue, not the driver.

Speaking after the verdict, Joe Collett, whose brother Donald died in the derailment, said he felt the system had let him down and later broke down in tears.

"I'm very, very disappointed because the only one who knows what happened, the truth, is Mr Dorris," he said.

Joe Collett, whose brother Donald died, said he did not believe justice had been done

"There's certain elements for example - that he'd done the journey several thousand times and this day said he had a bad day - but seven people had a worse day."

He continued by saying he didn't think justice had been done, adding: "He's got to live with himself, he knows what he's done."

Meanwhile Danielle Wynne, whose grandfather Philip Logan was killed in the crash, said it felt "like someone stabbing me in the chest".

"If I got into my car and I did what he did at the speed that he did, then I would go to prison."

Ms Wynne added: "I don't believe that morning [Mr Dorris] set out to kill anyone. But he did kill people. There has to be some kind of accountability."

Later outside court, Mr Dorris's lawyer Gary Rubin read a statement from his client in which he described the past seven years as "difficult".

He said: "Unfortunately, that morning went horribly wrong and that was because of something I wasn't in control of.

"I am truly and deeply sorry - it's something that I am going to have to live with for the rest of my life, and I would just like to end by saying there are no winners in this case."

In July 2021, an inquest jury concluded that the deaths were accidental and the victims were not unlawfully killed.

The case against Mr Dorris was brought by the Office of Rail and Road (ORR), which said it "conducted an extensive, detailed and thorough investigation" into the derailment.

The ORR also prosecuted TfL and the tram operator Tram Operations Limited under health and safety laws. Both companies previously pleaded guilty to not taking reasonable care and will be sentenced next month.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

That concludes our coverage of the sentencing of Abdul and Aleksandra Wahab following the brutal death of five-year-old Nadia.

A judge said the little girl had suffered a "horrific collection of injuries".

Her extended family in Poland said their "worlds have been shattered".

"Nadia was just a child," they said. "A child who had her young and innocent life cruelly taken away."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'They've taken my baby' - Mother of teen shot by police

The killing of Nahel M, 17, has sparked riots in cities across France as well as the town of Nanterre to the west of Paris where he grew up.

An only child brought up by his mother, he had been working as a takeaway delivery driver and played rugby league.

His education was described as chaotic. He was enrolled at a college in Suresnes not far from where he lived, to train to be an electrician.

Those who knew Nahel, who was of Algerian descent, said he was well-loved in Nanterre where he lived with his mother Mounia and had apparently never known his father.

His record of attendance of college was poor. Nahel had been in trouble before and was known to police, but family lawyers stressed he had no criminal record.

He had given his mother a big kiss before she went to work, with the words "I love you, Mum".

Shortly after nine in the morning on Tuesday he was fatally shot in the chest, point-blank, at the wheel of a Mercedes car for driving off during a police traffic check. At 17 he was too young for a licence.

"What am I going to do now?" asked his mother. "I devoted everything to him," she said. "I've only got one, I haven't got 10 [children]. He was my life, my best friend."

His grandmother spoke of him as a "kind, good boy".

"A refusal to stop doesn't give you a licence to kill," said Socialist Party leader Olivier Faure. "All the children of the Republic have a right to justice."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Nahel had spent the past three years playing for the Pirates of Nanterre rugby club. He had been part of an integration programme for teenagers struggling in school, run by an association called Ovale Citoyen.

The programme was aimed at getting people from deprived areas into apprenticeships and Nahel was learning to be an electrician.

Ovale Citoyen president Jeff Puech was one of the adults locally who knew him best. He had seen him only a few days ago and spoke of a "kid who used rugby to get by".

"He was someone who had the will to fit in socially and professionally, not some kid who dealt in drugs or got fun out of juvenile crime," Mr Puech told Le Parisien.

He praised the teenager's "exemplary attitude", a far cry from what he condemned as a character assassination of him painted on social media.

He had got to know Nahel when he lived with his mother in the Vieux-Pont suburb of Nanterre before they moved to the Pablo Picasso estate.

Shortly after his death an ambulance man, Marouane, launched a tirade against a police officer, explaining later that he knew the boy as if he was his little brother. He had seen him grown up as a kind, helpful child. "He never raised a hand to anyone and he was never violent," he told reporters.

His mother believes the police officer who shot him "saw an Arab face, a little kid, and wanted to take his life". She told France 5 TV she blamed only the one person who fired the shot, not the police: "I have friends who are officers - they're with me wholeheartedly."

"May Allah grant him mercy," read a banner unfurled over the Paris ring road outside Parc des Princes stadium.

Flowers were left at the site where Nahel died

"Police violence happens every day, especially if you're Arab or black," said one young man in another French city calling for justice for Nahel.

But the family's lawyer, Yassine Bouzrou, said this was not about racism, but about justice.

"We have a law and judicial system that protects police officers and it creates a culture of impunity in France," he told the BBC.

Nahel had been the subject of as many as five police checks since 2021 - what is known as a refus d'obtempérer - refusing to comply with an order to stop.

When he was stopped by police, he was driving a Mercedes with Polish number plates, with two passengers and no licence.

As recently as last weekend, he had reportedly been placed in detention for refusing to comply and was due to appear before a juvenile court in September.

His name was on a police file called a Taj, used by authorities for a variety of investigations.

Last September a judge imposed a "disciplinary measure". Most of the trouble he got into involved cars: driving without a licence or insurance and using false number plates.

But Nahel had never been convicted, said family lawyer Jennifer Cambla, and had no criminal record. Being known to police was not the same as a criminal record, because he had never been tried for anything listed on his police file, she told French TV.

"I think in this kind of suburb it's pretty rare that a young person hasn't been stopped by police or hasn't been in custody," Ms Cambla said.

The riots that his death has provoked are a reminder for many in France of the events of 2005, when two teenagers, Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré, were electrocuted as they fled police after a game of football and ran into an electricity substation in the Paris suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois.

"It could have been me, it could have been my little brother," a Clichy teenager called Mohammed told French website Mediapart.

South Wales Police is set to start reusing technology ruled unlawful in 2020

Civil rights groups have claimed facial recognition technology will make racism within the police worse.

South Wales Police is set to restart using the controversial technology after an independent review said it was not discriminatory.

But Liberty said history showed it would "always be used disproportionately against communities of colour".

The force insisted the technology would be used responsibly.

Live facial recognition enables police to find people at big events suspected of committing crimes.

In 2020, appeal court judges ruled a trial project to scan thousands of faces by South Wales Police was unlawful.

The force had paused its use of the technology amid concerns over discrimination, but will resume in the wake of a report commissioned in conjunction with the Metropolitan Police.

It found there were minimal discrepancies for race and sex when the technology is used at certain settings.

An independent review said the technology was not discriminatory

Liberty, which describes itself as "the UK's largest civil liberties organisation," said the technology was oppressive and had no place in a democracy.

"Our ability to express ideas, communicate with others and engage in democratic processes will be undermined by technology such as facial recognition," said campaigns manager Emmanuelle Andrews.

"The expansion of mass surveillance tools has no place on the streets of a rights respecting democracy."

South Wales Police chief constable Jeremy Vaughan said the study confirmed the software does not discriminate.

"We're not going to just stick cameras out and look for whoever we want to at any given point in time," he said.

"There's a proper list with careful thought about who's on that list."

But following a damning report about the Met and concerns about racism, misogyny and homophobia within Gwent Police, campaign groups said they have every right to be concerned.

"It entrenches patterns of discrimination and sows division.

"History tells us that surveillance technology will always be used disproportionately against communities of colour and those most marginalised in our society and at a time when racism in UK policing has rightly been highlighted.

"It's simply unjustifiable to use a technology that will make this even worse."

The force has previously demonstrated the technology with a member of staff

Race Council Cymru's Molara Awen pointed to incidents where the technology has had "difficulty identifying black faces".

She said the decision had been made without the organisation being consulted.

"We know that the justice system does not work equally for black people as it does for white people," she added.

"We're all of a sudden supposed to just trust them? And it's all fine?"

South Wales Police said it remained committed to the careful development and deployment of facial recognition and that it was proud there had never been an unlawful arrest as a result of using the software.

Only 12% of tickets were sold at ticket offices last year, according to the Rail Delivery Group

The consultation into the plan to close hundreds of ticket offices in England has been extended until 1 September.

Organisers of the consultation said some train companies did not provide accessible formats, preventing people from being able to respond to plans.

More than 170,000 responses have been received, according to watchdogs Transport Focus and London TravelWatch.

The plan sparked concern from rail unions over job cuts and disability groups over accessibility issues.

The 21-day period for passengers to share their views was due to end on Wednesday, but the Rail Delivery Group say it has listened to feedback and has extended the consultation period by almost six weeks "to give as many people as possible a chance to take part".

Chairman of Network Rail, Lord Peter Hendy, told BBC Breakfast an extension is "a really good thing for our customers, because the railway ought to listen to its passengers".

Posters went up in stations earlier this month, inviting the public to send in their responses.

Currently around three out of every five stations has a ticket office, although some are only staffed part-time.

The ticket office closure proposals have been put forward by train operating companies. They are under pressure from the government to cut costs after being supported heavily during the Covid pandemic, and argue only 12% of tickets are now bought at station kiosks.

Currently 299 stations in England run by train companies with Department for Transport (DfT) contracts have a full-time staffed ticket office - 708 are staffed part-time. Under the proposals, most would close.

The industry argues staff would instead be present on platforms and concourses to sell tickets, offer travel advice and help people with accessibility.

However, the UK's largest rail union the RMT, as well as the TSSA union both warned the plans could ultimately lead to job cuts.

Some rail experts have also said the complicated ticketing system should be reformed before ticket office changes are introduced.

Penny Melville-Brown, a blind Royal Navy veteran who regularly uses the railway said the proposals discriminated against people living with sight loss.

She told the BBC that she relied heavily on ticket office staff at a train station as she has "no idea where to go, as I don't see anything".

She added: "I don't have huge problems with making things modern and work better for everyone, but when you design new systems, you need to start designing with the people who are going to have most problems, the most vulnerable."

The disability rights campaigner has written an open letter explaining how difficult commuting would be, and criticising the consultation process.

Tom Marsland, policy manager at disability equality charity Scope, said: "These botched plans will make rail travel impossible, or much harder, for many disabled people.

"Extending the consultation doesn't solve that. The government and rail industry need to go back to the drawing board."

There have been threats of legal challenges from some disability campaigners, and from five Labour metro mayors.

But the train operating companies' body, the Rail Delivery Group, has consistently defended the proposals and the consultation.

Last week its chief executive Jacqueline Starr told the BBC the industry was listening to accessibility groups' concerns and had taken part in a 'round table' with the rail minister.

Asked if she could promise that every ticket would still be available from machines or online, including the cheapest, Ms Starr responded: "I'm not going to make promises that I can't keep".

She added that the industry would work hard to make sure vending machines did offer every ticket where possible.

The Conservative Party is investigating its former Foreign Office Minister Sir Alan Duncan, after he attacked other party members over Israel.

The former MP told LBC the Conservative Friends of Israel group was "doing the bidding" of the Israeli prime minister.

He also called for two Tories linked to the group, Lord Polak and Lord Pickles, to be removed from the House of Lords.

The Campaign Against Antisemitism said he was "invoking classic antisemitic tropes of Jewish power and disloyalty".

Sir Alan, who stood down as an MP in 2019, said the Conservatives had not provided "substantive grounds for their action".

He had not been contacted by the party but had been "told by many in the media that the Conservative Party has issued a statement to say that I am to be investigated by them with a view to expulsion".

"If this is indeed their intention, I will probably be the only person ever to be reproached for upholding his party's policy and for defending the principles of international law and justice in the face of others who would undermine them," Sir Alan said.

"Should they choose to pursue this, they should not be surprised if it rebounds on them massively and proves dangerously harmful to their own reputation."

In an interview with LBC, Sir Alan criticised those in British politics who "refuse to condemn settlements" by Israel in the West Bank.

"The time has come to flush out those extremists in our own parliamentary politics," he said.

The Conservative Friends of Israel group was "doing the bidding" of Benjamin Netanyahu and "bypassing all proper processes of government to exercise undue influence at the top of government", Sir Alan said.

"What you have now is a lot of people sitting around Rishi Sunak who are giving him appalling advice.

"Let's start with the head of CFI - or had been for many years - Lord Polak.

"He should be removed from the Lords because he is exercising the interest of another country not that of the Parliament in which he sits, joined by Lord Pickles - the Laurel and Hardy who should be pushed out together."

Lord Stuart Polak is the CFI's honorary president, while Lord Pickles chairs the group in the House of Lords and is the UK special envoy for post-Holocaust issues.

Sir Alan's comments were criticised by groups including the Board of Deputies of British Jews, who said his words "effectively accuse two Conservative peers, one of whom is Jewish, of dual loyalties.

"This is disgraceful," the group said.

"We understand the Conservatives have opened an investigation into Sir Alan's conduct and we believe the party should consider whether his position as a party member is tenable."

A Conservative Party official said: "Following his comments on LBC, Alan Duncan has been informed in writing that he is under investigation by the party."

Investigations by the party generally take a couple of weeks and can result in expulsion.

The CFl's website says its twin aims are "supporting Israel and promoting Conservatism in the UK".

Responding to Sir Alan's interview, the CFI said it was "not affiliated to any political party in Israel".

"We enjoy cordial relations across the political spectrum in Israel," it said.

"We support the Conservative government in its aim of a two-state solution and a peaceful resolution in the Middle East conflict."
• None Sir Alan Duncan will not stand for re-election

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The BBC has obtained evidence casting doubt on the Greek coastguard's account of Wednesday's migrant shipwreck in which hundreds are feared to have died.

Analysis of the movement of other ships in the area suggests the overcrowded fishing vessel was not moving for at least seven hours before it capsized.

The coastguard still claims that during these hours the boat was on a course to Italy and not in need of rescue.

Greek authorities have not yet responded to the BBC's findings.

At least 78 people are known to have died, but the UN says up to 500 are still missing.

The UN has called for an investigation into Greece's handling of the disaster, amid claims more action should have been taken earlier to initiate a full-scale rescue attempt.

Greek officials maintain those on board said they did not want help and were not in danger until just before their boat sank.

The BBC has obtained a computer animation of tracking data provided by MarineTraffic, a maritime analytics platform.

Their data shows hours of activity focused on a small, specific area where the migrant boat later sank, casting doubt on the official claim it had no problems with its navigation.

The fishing boat had no tracker so is not shown on the map. Neither are coastguard and military vessels which do not have to share their location.

The overcrowded vessel was pictured a number of times before tragedy struck

Frontex, the EU's border force, says it first spotted the migrant boat at around 08:00 GMT on Tuesday and informed the Greek authorities.

Alarm Phone, an emergency hotline for migrants in trouble at sea, say they received a call at 12:17 GMT saying the boat was in distress.

We have used video and photographs authenticated by BBC Verify, as well as court records and shipping logs, to analyse the movement of vessels in the area in the following hours.

The Marine Traffic animation shows a ship called the Lucky Sailor abruptly turning north at 15:00 GMT.

The owner of the Lucky Sailor gave the BBC their timeline of events and confirmed it had been asked by the Coastguard to approach the migrant boat and give food and water.

About half-an-hour later at 15:35 GMT, the coastguard helicopter found the migrant boat. Authorities have continued to claim it was on a steady course at the time.

The movement of ships in the area where the vessel eventually sank (in yellow) suggests it was stationary hours before the shipwreck

But two-and-a-half hours later at around 18:00 GMT, another vessel, the Faithful Warrior, travelled to the same area and also gave supplies to the boat.

The owners of Faithful Warrior referred us to the investigating authorities.

Video has emerged - reportedly shot from the Faithful Warrior - claiming to show supplies being delivered to the migrant ship via a rope in the water. No other ships can be seen.

BBC Verify checked it and found the vessel - which is not moving in the footage - matched the shape of the migrant ship seen in photos and the weather conditions were a match for those reported at the time. It's not known exactly when this video was filmed.

Between 19:40 until 22:40, Greek officials originally claimed the boat was keeping a "steady course and speed".

Their initial statement claimed they observed from a discreet distance, but a close-up image they later published - from this time-period - suggests the migrant boat is not going anywhere.

This picture of the fishing boat in the hours before it sank was released by the coastguard on Thursday

A government spokesperson later said the coastguard had attempted to board the boat to assess the danger but that those on board removed a rope that had been attached and did not want help.

All of the shipping activity of the previous seven hours was focused around one specific spot, suggesting the migrant boat had hardly moved.

The scale of the animated map suggests it travelled less than a few nautical miles, which may be expected of a stricken vessel buffeted by the wind and the waves in the deepest part of the Mediterranean Sea.

The actions of people in distress, rocking the vessel, would also have contributed any movement.

During this time period, Greek officials have insisted it was not in trouble and was instead safely on its way to Italy and so the coastguard didn't attempt a rescue.

At 23:00, the boat sank with hundreds on board and the tracking animation shows a frenzy of ships coming to help.

This included the Celebrity Beyond from which footage of the aftermath of the disaster was filmed and later sent to the BBC.

A luxury yacht, the Mayan Queen, is then instructed to help take some of the 104 survivors ashore.

Those rescued reached the safety at the port of Kalamata but left behind a series of troubling questions about the whole Greek response.

Read more about BBC Verify: Explaining the 'how' - the launch of BBC Verify

Last updated on .From the section Football

Former Sheffield Wednesday and Nottingham Forest midfielder Chris Bart-Williams has died aged 49.

Sheffield Wednesday announced he had died in the United States, where he was a coach and mentor.

The club added: "We are deeply saddened at the passing of our former player Chris Bart-Williams."

Bart-Williams started his career at Leyton Orient and scored on his full debut for the club in a 4-0 win against Tranmere Rovers as a 16-year-old.

He joined the Owls in 1991 and made more than 100 appearances for the club.

Bart-Williams moved to Forest in 1995 and made more than 200 outings for the City Ground side before stints at Charlton and Ipswich Town.

Forest said they were "deeply saddened", adding: "Our thoughts go out to Chris' family and friends at this truly difficult time."

His death came on the same day as that of Trevor Francis, who Forest made Britain's first £1m footballer when they signed him from Birmingham City in 1979.

Francis also managed Bart-Williams when he was in charge of Sheffield Wednesday and brought him on as a substitute in the 1993 FA Cup final, which saw the Owls beaten by Arsenal following a replay.

"Bart-Williams' untimely passing mirrors that of his manager at Hillsborough, Trevor Francis, who also died on this, one of the darkest days in our long history," added Sheffield Wednesday in a statement.

Former Sheffield Wednesday striker Mark Bright described Bart-Williams as "a wonderfully gifted player, with a huge personality, and a very charismatic guy".

He added: "To know him was to love him, sending love to his family, friends and former team-mates."

Former Sheffield Wednesday keeper Kevin Pressman said: "Devastating day, to hear the news of Trevor Francis passing and my former team-mate Chris Bart Williams, both taken so soon, RIP Trevor and Chris."

At Forest, Bart-Williams helped the club win the old First Division title in 1997-98 to achieve promotion to the Premier League.

Former Forest goalkeeper Mark Crossley posted on Twitter: "I'm so upset to hear the news of Trevor Francis passing and my former team mate Chris Bart Williams, both so young, it is so sad , RIP Trevor and Chris."

Ex-England striker Darren Bent, who played with Bart-Williams at Charlton, said: "RIP My former team mate Chris Bart-Williams, thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends."

Former Coventry and Liverpool striker David Speedie tweeted: "Just when I thought the day couldn't get any worse, I've heard the devastating news Chris Bart-Williams has passed away. My thoughts go out to the family and friends of Chris at this difficult time. RIP Chris."

The idea of a default is nearly inconceivable

The US faces dire warnings that a political stand-off over the debt ceiling could unleash unprecedented economic chaos. But few in the country, where nearly half the population relies on money from the government to help make ends meet, are making any backup plans.

In the base of a tower near the Brooklyn Bridge, half a dozen white-haired men and women assembled for their monthly book club.

The members are among the nearly 70 million Americans who receive monthly payments from Social Security, the government's assistance for pensioners and the disabled.

The programme pays out more than $115m (£92m) each month - about $1,700 on average per person - support that is at risk if President Joe Biden and Republican leader Kevin McCarthy cannot reach a deal before the US runs out of money to pay its bills.

Authorities have warned that moment could arrive in less than two weeks.

The seniors at Southbridge Towers said they were following the talks - and feel worried. But asked if they had taken any precautions in case the US defaults and their Social Security benefits do not arrive, the seniors seated around the plastic table responded with a sea of blank looks.

"That will never happen," declared 82-year-old Norman Manning. "It would be disastrous."

Mr Manning is hardly alone in betting that a deal allowing the US to borrow money will get done.

Financial markets also appear largely confident, despite some signs of anxiety among investors, including a drop in demand for some kinds of US debt.

Even after the lead Republican negotiator last week walked out of a closed-door meeting with White House representatives during talks aimed at avoiding a default, shares only flinched.

But Ian Bremmer, president of political consultancy the Eurasia Group, warned that even if both sides can agree to a deal, it will probably take significant wrangling before Republicans in Congress will vote for it - which could push the US into risky territory.

"This is going to get worse before it gets fixed," he said.

Without a deal, the White House has warned that if the government defaults, there would be severe disruption to government functions as well as pay for pensioners, government employees and members of the military. Financial markets are expected to go haywire.

Analysts say a prolonged stand-off could spark an economic downturn on the scale of the 2008 financial crisis, when millions of people lost their jobs and trillions of dollars in wealth was wiped out in financial markets.

A recent poll by Ipsos/Reuters found that three in four Americans fear personal financial fallout from such an event.

But dire predictions aside, no-one is exactly sure what would happen in a default - nor are government agencies providing many clues about if or how they are preparing.

When asked if it had alerted Social Security recipients about the risks, the Social Security Administration referred questions to the Treasury Department. The Treasury Department did not respond to a request for comment. Neither did the Department of Health and Human Services, which administers food benefits for the poor and other programmes.

Unions representing government workers said their members had received no guidance about what staff should expect.

"I don't think the government itself knows quite what would happen," said Daniel Horowitz, deputy legislative director for the American Federation of Government Employees, which represents 750,000 federal and DC government workers. "It is the Titanic heading for the iceberg right now."

Max Richtman, president and chief executive of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, said he was not surprised that the government would not want to unnecessarily alarm seniors if some kind of agreement to raise the debt ceiling is a foregone conclusion.

Arzu Deiker says she is worried about what could happen to her if the government defaults

But his organisation has still been trying to raise awareness among its millions of members and supporters about the potential risks.

"What we're telling our members is save some money, have a cushion in case things don't work out in the next couple of weeks," he said, noting that those on fixed incomes tend to have limited financial flexibility.

Robin Warshay, one of the book club members, said without her Social Security payment arriving on time, she would have to dip into savings.

She was also concerned about the ripple impact on businesses and the economy, should people's ability to spend suddenly freeze. But she said she remained "hopefully optimistic" talks in Washington would yield an agreement.

"If they want to get re-elected, they better make up," she said.

Even a deal could bring economic pain, depending on what it includes, analysts warn.

Republicans are seeking steep spending restrictions and changes to some benefits programmes.

While Mr Biden has rejected many of their proposals, he has also laid the ground for compromise, saying: "We're going to come together, because there's no alternative."

Arzu Deiker, a home health aide in New York who receives assistance from the government to buy groceries for herself and her three children, said she was worried about the threat to that support - whether it comes in the form of default or a deal.

"I'm scared," said the 29-year-old. "It would affect me a lot."

First Minister Humza Yousaf should consider suspending Nicola Sturgeon from the SNP if she refuses to resign, a former minister has said.

MSP Ash Regan called for "decisive action" after Ms Sturgeon was arrested by police and released without charge on Sunday as part of an investigation into SNP finances.

The former party leader said she was "innocent of any wrongdoing".

An SNP spokesman said the party was co-operating fully with the investigation.

Police Scotland is investigating what happened to £660,000 of donations given to the SNP by independence activists for use in a future independence referendum campaign.

Ms Regan, who quit as community safety minister over the gender recognition reform bill and finished third in the SNP leadership contest, told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland that Ms Sturgeon should resign her party membership.

"There is precedence in the party for people involved in issues of this type to resign from the party voluntarily and suspend their membership until it is cleared up," she said.

"If she [Ms Sturgeon] did that, I think it would reaffirm her commitment to the principles of the party."

Asked if the former first minister should be suspended if she does not quit the party, Ms Regan added: "I think Humza should consider it under those circumstances, yes, if she doesn't resign.

"We do have a code of conduct in the SNP, which says members should refrain from conduct likely to cause damage or hinder the party's aims.

"I think Nicola will no doubt be considering whether to resign from the party at the moment."

Ash Regan has called for "decisive action" from the first minister

SNP MSP Michelle Thomson has also called for Ms Sturgeon to resign the party whip.

"This is not because she doesn't deserve to be treated as innocent until proven guilty – she does, but because her values should be consistent," a statement read.

Thomson, a former SNP MP, resigned the party whip in 2015 following an investigation into alleged mortgage fraud.

She later said she was given no choice but to resign by the party and criticised her treatment by its leadership.

In August 2017 the Crown Office confirmed there was insufficient evidence to launch criminal proceedings.

Meanwhile SNP MP Angus MacNeil said "this soap-opera has gone far enough".

"Nicola Sturgeon suspended others from the SNP for an awful lot less," Mr MacNeil tweeted.

Scottish Conservatives chairman Craig Hoy said Mr Yousaf must "now show some leadership and suspend his predecessor from the SNP".

Scottish Labour deputy leader Jackie Baillie also said Ms Sturgeon should be suspended.

She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "The question in my mind is, given all this chaos, given the kind of secrecy and cover-up that has been the hallmark of how the SNP operate, is whether Humza Yousaf, the current first minister, is indeed strong enough to suspend her and protect the party."

Ms Sturgeon was taken into custody and questioned by detectives at a police station after she attended voluntarily shortly after 10:00 on Sunday.

She was released from custody at about 17:25 on the same day.

Police said a report would be sent to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon arrested as part of SNP finances investigation - in 80 seconds

In a statement published on Twitter shortly afterwards, the former first minister said: "To find myself in the situation I did today when I am certain I have committed no offence is both a shock and deeply distressing.

"I know that this ongoing investigation is difficult for people, and I am grateful that so many continue to show faith in me and appreciate that I would never do anything to harm either the SNP or the country."

She went on: "Innocence is not just a presumption I am entitled to in law. I know beyond doubt that I am in fact innocent of any wrongdoing."

It follows the arrest of her husband, former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, on 5 April by officers who searched the couple's home in Glasgow as part of their Operation Branchform probe.

The SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh were searched on the same day and a luxury motorhome valued at about £110,000 was also seized by police from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Almost two weeks later, the party's treasurer Colin Beattie was arrested.

Both men were released pending further investigations, with Mr Beattie resigning as treasurer a short time later. Mr Murrell quit as chief executive in March after after taking responsibility for misleading the media about party membership numbers.

Former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell was arrested and released without charge as part of Operation Branchform

The arrest of the former first minister had been widely expected as she was one of the three signatories on the SNP's accounts alongside Mr Murrell and Mr Beattie - although there was no indication of when it was going to happen.

Mr Yousaf said in April that Mr Murrell would not be suspended from the SNP because he is "innocent until proven guilty". But the SNP leader confirmed the party would not be paying Mr Murrell's legal fees.

Several SNP politicians who faced police investigations under Ms Sturgeon's reign were suspended or had the whip removed - which automatically leads to suspension.

Her predecessor Alex Salmond quit the party in 2018 after it emerged Scottish government staff members had complained about his behaviour when he was first minister. Police Scotland said it was assessing the case at the time. Mr Salmond was later cleared at trial of sexually assaulting nine women.

SNP MP Patrick Grady was suspended from the party for making a sexual advance to a teenage member of staff. He had the whip restored in December following a six-month suspension.

Former finance minister Derek Mackay was suspended from the SNP after admitting he "behaved foolishly" by messaging a 16-year-old boy on social media. A police investigation concluded there was "nothing to suggest that an offence has been committed".

Margaret Ferrier lost the SNP whip after speaking in the Westminster Parliament while awaiting the results of a Covid test in September 2020, before travelling by train back to Glasgow instead of isolating.

Margaret Ferrier will appeal against the proposed ban

She was later ordered to complete a 270-hour community payback order by a court after admitting culpably and recklessly exposing the public "to the risk of infection, illness and death".

Ms Sturgeon was among those who consistently called for Ms Ferrier to resign as an MP. She has now been suspended from the Commons, a move which is expected to trigger a by-election.

Another former SNP MP, Natalie McGarry, withdrew from the party whip in 2015 amid a police investigation into her finances.

She was sentenced to two years in jail for embezzling £25,000 from the SNP and a pro-independence group. The sentence was later cut to 20 months.

A government minister has attacked Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg for the "extraordinary moral choice" to roll out encryption in Facebook messages.

Meta was allowing child abusers to "operate with impunity", Security Minister Tom Tugendhat said.

End-to-end encryption (E2EE) stops anyone but the sender and recipient reading the message.

Meta which owns Facebook, said it would work with law enforcement and child safety experts as it deployed the tech.

The government has long been critical of those plans and of other platforms' resistance to weakening the privacy of end-to-end-encrypted messaging.

Police and government maintain the tech - also used in apps such as Signal, WhatsApp and Apple's iMessage - prevents law enforcement and the firms themselves from identifying the sharing of child sexual abuse material.

Mr Tugendhat said: "Faced with an epidemic of child sexual exploitation abuse, Meta are choosing to ignore it and in doing so, they are allowing predators to operate with impunity.

"That is an extraordinary moral choice. It is an extraordinary decision. And I think we should remember who it is who is making it."

He was speaking at the PIER23 conference on tackling online harms at Anglia Ruskin University Chelmsford.

The security minister singled out the Meta boss for criticism.

"I am speaking about Meta specifically, and Mark Zuckerberg's choices particularly. These are his choices," he said.

A government advertising campaign will soon be launched "to tell parents the truth about Meta's choices and what they mean for the safety of their children", he said.

The campaign, which would run in print, online and broadcast, would "encourage tech firms to take responsibility and to do the right thing", Mr Tugendhat said.

The Home Office declined to provide more detail about the campaign when approached by the BBC.

Mr Tugendhat has been security minister since September 2022

Meta argues the majority of British people already rely on apps that use encryption to keep them safe from hackers, fraudsters and criminals.

"We don't think people want us reading their private messages so have developed safety measures that prevent, detect and allow us to take action against this heinous abuse, while maintaining online privacy and security", it said.

The company removes and reports millions of images each month.

WhatsApp, which Meta owns, made more than one million reports in a year even though it uses end-to-end-encryption.

The Home Office has promoted similar campaigns in the past, such as last year's No Place to Hide campaign, which also called on Facebook to abandon plans for end-to-end encryption.

But the data watchdog the Information Commissioner's Office was critical of the campaign, arguing the tech helped protect children from criminals and abusers, urged Facebook to roll it out without delay.

The Online Safety Bill, currently going through Parliament, contains powers that could enable communication regulator Ofcom to direct platforms to use accredited technology to scan the contents of messages.

Several messaging platforms, including Signal and WhatsApp, have previously told the BBC they will refuse to weaken the privacy of their encrypted messaging systems if directed to do so.

The government argues it is possible to provide technological solutions that mean the contents of encrypted messages can be scanned for child abuse material.

The only way of doing that, many tech experts argue, would be to install software that would scan messages on the phone or computer before they are sent, called client-side scanning.

This, critics argue, would fundamentally undermine the privacy of messages and to argue otherwise would be like arguing that digging a hole under a fence did not break the fence

Signal told the BBC in February that it would "walk" from the UK if forced to weaken the privacy of its encrypted messaging app.

In response to the minister's comments, its president Meredith Whittaker told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the government was trying to implement "a mass surveillance apparatus". It would, she said, require people to "run government-mandated scanning services on their devices".

Ciaran Martin, the former head of the National Cyber Security Centre, told Today that: "Essentially it's building a door that doesn't currently exist, not into the encrypted messaging app but into devices, which could be used or misused by people who aren't interested in protecting children for more nefarious purposes."

Mr Martin said he believed the UK would end up in the "unhappy situation" where the power in the bill would be passed by Parliament but not used.

Apple tried client-side scanning, but abandoned it after a backlash. In an article in the Financial Times, Mr Martin suggested Apple is privately critical of the powers in the bill, but the firm has so far declined to set out publicly its position on the issue.

BBC News learned from Freedom of Information requests that Apple has had four meetings since April 2022 with the Ofcom team responsible for developing policy regarding the enforcement of the relevant section of the bill.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: The Huw Edwards story so far... in 87 seconds

Huw Edwards is in hospital with "serious mental health issues", his wife says, as she named him as the BBC presenter at the centre of allegations.

His wife Vicky Flind said she was issuing a statement on his behalf after days of speculation "primarily out of concern for his mental well-being and to protect our children".

The Sun has claimed he paid a young person for sexually explicit images.

The Met Police says Edwards, 61, will not face any police action.

The family statement said the news presenter intends to respond to the allegations personally when he is well enough.

The statement read: "In light of the recent reporting regarding the 'BBC Presenter' I am making this statement on behalf of my husband Huw Edwards, after what have been five extremely difficult days for our family. I am doing this primarily out of concern for his mental well-being and to protect our children.

"Huw is suffering from serious mental health issues. As is well documented, he has been treated for severe depression in recent years.

"The events of the last few days have greatly worsened matters, he has suffered another serious episode and is now receiving in-patient hospital care where he'll stay for the foreseeable future."

In the statement issued through PA News, she said she hoped confirmation of Edwards' identity would bring an end to speculation about BBC presenters unconnected to the allegations.

She said her husband had been "first told that there were allegations being made against him last Thursday".

The statement appealed for privacy on behalf of their family, and said it was publicly documented that Edwards had suffered mental health problems previously.

Minutes before the family statement was published, a separate update was issued by the Met, which has been assessing the allegations in recent days after discussions with BBC executives.

It said: "Detectives from the Met's Specialist Crime Command have now concluded their assessment and have determined there is no information to indicate that a criminal offence has been committed.

"In reaching this decision, they have spoken to a number of parties including the BBC and the alleged complainant and the alleged complainant's family, both via another police force."

It said detectives are "aware of media reporting of further allegations against the same individual" but has received "no specific details or information about these allegations... and therefore there is no police action at this time".

The BBC said it would continue its "fact finding investigations" into the allegations. It had been put on hold at the Met's request while it carried out its own enquiries.

A spokesperson for the corporation said: "We will now move forward with that work, ensuring due process and a thorough assessment of the facts, whilst continuing to be mindful of our duty of care to all involved."

In an email to staff, BBC director general Tim Davie said "this remains a very complex set of circumstances".

He said the family statement "is a reminder that the last few days have seen personal lives played out in public", adding: "At the heart of this are people and their families.

"This will no doubt be a difficult time for many after a challenging few days. I want to reassure you that our immediate concern is our duty of care to all involved."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'This is such dramatic news' - Katie Razzall talks about Huw Edwards

Last night's statements "have acted like a dash of cold water to the face of all journalists," Craig Oliver, Huw Edwards' former boss on the Ten O'Clock News, said.

"I think that one of the things that's really come of this, is should news just slow down and allow the processes to take place, allow the facts to emerge and then report the story?," he told BBC's Radio 4 Today programme.

The story has raised "much bigger issues for journalism," former ITN chief executive Stewart Purvis also told the programme.

"In what circumstances is it legitimate for a news organisation to investigate and report on the private life of somebody with a high public profile?," he asked.

Edwards has worked for the BBC since the mid-1980s, rising from a trainee position to becoming one of BBC News' most recognisable presenters.

As well as hosting the Ten O'Clock News on television, he has led coverage of major news events, such as elections and the death of Queen Elizabeth II.

The initial allegations, first reported on Friday, were that the presenter paid a young person for explicit photos, beginning when they were 17.

The paper's source was the mother and step-father of the young person - but a letter issued on the young person's behalf by a lawyer described their account as "rubbish".

South Wales Police previously said it had told the young person's family there was no criminal wrongdoing after being approached prior to their complaint to the BBC and account to the Sun.

In another statement on Wednesday, the force said it had recently carried out further inquiries and had found "no evidence that any criminal offences have been committed".

On Tuesday, the BBC published an investigation after speaking to an individual in their 20s who said they said were sent abusive and menacing messages by the presenter.

The Sun then published another story claiming the presenter broke Covid lockdown rules in February 2021 to meet a 23-year-old he had met on a dating site, and sent what they described as "quite pressurising" messages.

The newspaper also published what it says is an Instagram chat between the presenter and a 17-year-old, where the presenter sent messages including love heart emojis.

The BBC has not been able to verify these messages.

A spokesperson for the Sun said the newspaper has no plans to publish further allegations about Edwards and will co-operate with the BBC's internal investigation process.

A statement read: "The allegations published by the Sun were always very serious. Further serious allegations have emerged in the past few days...

"The Sun will cooperate with the BBC's internal investigation process. We will provide the BBC team with a confidential and redacted dossier containing serious and wide-ranging allegations which we have received, including some from BBC personnel."

The Sun's statement said it had not accused Edwards of criminality in its original front page story.

The newspaper had reported Edwards had paid the person for pictures when they were 17 - but it did not explain such actions could be an offence. Under-18s are classed as children in the law covering sexual images. This is higher than the age of sexual consent, which is 16.

In later versions of the story, the Sun changed the wording of this allegation to "it is understood contact between the two started when the youngster was 17".

Despite allegations emerging publicly and being widely discussed, media outlets - including BBC News - initially took the decision not to name the presenter due to privacy concerns.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Watch as Elton John brings Glastonbury 2023 to a close on the Pyramid Stage - the final UK show of his farewell tour.

Lil Nas X, Blondie and Phoenix were among the stars to have performed on the final day.

This will have a devastating impact on the island - Rhodes resident

On the Greek island of Rhodes, residents have been stepping up to help those affected by the wildfires. Antonis is a student living in Archaggelos, a village in the east of the island. Since the fires began, he's been bringing in supplies to help neighbours, firefighters and holidaymakers. But he says volunteers like him have received no help from the local government. "There aren't any authorities to organise anyone... It's mainly schoolteachers and people from the village using their own money to buy food, medical equipment, masks and gloves," he says. Most of the tourists, Antonis adds, have been able to go back to their hotels - except for those staying in "five or six" hotels that have burnt down. Some locals have given up their own homes to provide beds for those tourists, as well as residents whose homes were damaged by the fires. "The volunteers are alone. Our voices are not being heard by the Greek government and the local media," he says. "This is going to have a devastating impact on the island, the economy and the climate," Antonis adds.

Nicola Sturgeon is standing down after eight years as first minister

If Nicola Sturgeon had prevailed, Scotland would be going to the polls again this autumn to consider dissolving the 316-year-old union with England.

Last summer, the outgoing first minister proposed 19 October 2023 as the date when, for the second time in nine years, voters would be asked "Should Scotland be an independent country?"

The plan she set out in Edinburgh was thwarted by politicians and judges in London.

The Conservative prime minister Boris Johnson refused to recognise a pro-independence majority in the Scottish Parliament - the accepted trigger for the first referendum in 2014 - as a mandate for a second vote.

Then, in November, the UK Supreme Court ruled that the Scottish Parliament did not have the power to organise its own referendum without Westminster's approval.

The Supreme Court issued its ruling on the indyref2 case in November 2022

The judgment laid bare the true nature of the 1707 union which created the state of Great Britain. While theoretically a marriage of equals, one partner, it seemed, could not leave without the other's consent.

Ms Sturgeon had run out of road and she knew it.

After briefly flirting with the idea of treating the next general election as a referendum in all but name, she announced her resignation less than three months after the court ruling.

Her departure marks the end of a remarkable career as a political campaigner.

"Eight election victories in eight years as first minister, that's the verdict that matters to me," said Ms Sturgeon in her 286th and final session of First Minister's Question Time on Thursday.

Triumphs in three general elections, two Holyrood elections, two local government elections, and a European parliamentary election are impressive for sure - but, unusually for a political party, winning elections to enact policies in government is not actually the central mission of the SNP.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon addresses the Holyrood chamber for the last time as first minister

On the binary measure of independence, Ms Sturgeon, like Alex Salmond before her, leaves office as a failure. Scotland remains in the United Kingdom.

She began campaigning for independence as a teenager in 1980s Ayrshire and was just 21 when she first stood for election, unsuccessfully challenging Labour in the working class Glasgow Shettleston constituency under the SNP slogan "Free by '93".

Thirty years on, the SNP has made great strides towards its goal but Ms Sturgeon's resignation implicitly acknowledges that Scotland will not be "free" by '23, or any time soon after.

The abrupt announcement of her departure set in train a damaging and divisive leadership contest, with splits emerging on economic and social issues as well as on electoral and constitutional strategy.

Discipline, for which the SNP had been famed, began to crumble.

Even contenders for Ms Sturgeon's crown publicly criticised the lack of progress on independence during her eight years in office.

Humza Yousaf, Kate Forbes and Ash Regan are competing to become the next SNP leader

"For too many years, we've become the party of referendums rather than the party of independence," said Finance Secretary Kate Forbes, who promises to "turn a divided nation into a settled majority" for leaving the UK.

According to former minister Ash Regan: "The SNP has lost its way. There's been no progress on independence in the last few years, despite the worst UK governments of all time."

"I think what we are now hearing publicly is what many people have been saying privately for a long time," says James Mitchell, professor of public policy at Edinburgh University.

The SNP's looming crisis deepened when the party admitted that it had covered up a dramatic fall in its membership, prompting the resignations of director of communications, Murray Foote, and chief executive Peter Murrell, who is married to Ms Sturgeon.

Also following his wife out of government are two of her most trusted lieutenants, senior adviser Liz Lloyd and Deputy First Minister John Swinney.

It has been a chaotic and painful few weeks for the SNP and yet the final days of the first minister's tenure have been characterised by boosterism and denial.

"The SNP's not in a mess," Ms Sturgeon insisted on ITV's Loose Women. "It's going through, how can I put this, some growing pains right now."

Then there was her denial that SNP president Mike Russell had said the party was in a mess.

Mr Russell had answered the question "Is your party in turmoil?" with the words: "Well, I think it's fair to say that there's a tremendous mess and we have to clear it up."

Ms Sturgeon also insisted that her party had not lied to journalists about its plummeting membership figures despite evidence to the contrary, not least the resignations of Mr Foote and Mr Murrell.

The whole membership affair was, leadership contender and Health Secretary Humza Yousaf told Tuesday's Times Radio debate, a "total own goal".

So, is Nicola Sturgeon's dream of a sovereign Scottish state, standing tall on the world stage, dead and buried?

History says don't be so sure.

On the day the Hollywood epic Braveheart had its American premiere in Seattle, a more peaceful political drama was playing out on the streets of the old country.

The death of the Conservative MP for Perth and Kinross had triggered a by-election, and the SNP candidate Roseanna Cunningham was on the march - and under attack.

A senior Tory accused Ms Cunningham - caricatured as Republican Rose because she opposed the monarchy - of fighting a campaign "against Queen and country".

At 18 years old, I was easily the least experienced journalist on the by-election trail - but even I could see that the Tories were in trouble in territory which they had dominated for decades.

Their candidate, a gaffe-prone merchant banker, was keen to talk about one topic above all others, campaigning (literally) under the banner: "A Strong Union".

You could understand why. The spoils of Empire; the unifying experience of defying Hitler's Germany; and the creation of the welfare state had all bound Scotland tightly into the union.

Roseanna Cunningham (centre) put independence at the heart of her by-election campaign in 1995

Margaret Thatcher's response, as Conservative prime minister during the 1980s, was to fight and win a war abroad while hastening a profound economic shift at home.

Her vision of a modern British economy meant moving away from state subsidy of heavy industry; weakening the trade unions; and encouraging the creation of wealth through private enterprise.

For many in Scotland, where culture, tradition and pride were intertwined with coal, steel and textiles, the pace of change was bewildering.

A lack of direct and obvious benefit from the vast quantities of oil being sucked out of the North Sea also contributed to a rise in nationalist sentiment.

By the time of the Perth and Kinross by-election, Scotland was rediscovering an old identity.

When it premiered in Stirling that autumn, Braveheart's romanticisation of the wars of independence from England in the 13th and 14th Centuries seemed in tune with the mood of the moment.

Having placed independence front and centre in her campaign, Ms Cunningham won handsomely, further reducing Tory Prime Minister John Major's slender majority in the House of Commons.

"Scotland is waking from its slumber," proclaimed the victorious new MP during a feisty and raucous declaration in the city hall.

Was it though? The SNP had scored spectacular by-election successes before — Motherwell in 1945; Hamilton in 1967; and Glasgow Govan in 1973 and 1988 — only to lose each seat at the subsequent general election.

This time was different. Perth remains SNP territory to this day.

The party may be in trouble now but, with large majorities of younger voters telling pollsters that they support independence, the constitutional question which hangs over Scottish politics is not going away.

It is a question which Labour, a party forged in the din of Scotland's industrial revolution, has tussled with since its creation.

The Scottish Labour Party was founded in 1888 by two extraordinary but very different men, the miner and trade unionist Keir Hardie, and the aristocratic adventurer RB Cunninghame Graham.

Hardie went on to become the first leader of the UK Labour Party in 1906; Cunninghame Grahame the first president of the Scottish National Party in 1934.

The most fundamental change to Scottish governance in the democratic era was delivered by Labour when the Scottish Parliament took charge of domestic affairs such as health and education in 1999.

But it was the SNP which benefited most, gradually capturing almost all of the post-industrial seats which Labour had held for decades and, from 2007, taking charge of the Scottish government.

Labour's Donald Dewar was the first first minister of Scotland when the Scottish Parliament opened in 1999

Nearly a quarter of a century later, Labour is led by Keir Hardie's namesake, Sir Keir Starmer, who spies an opportunity in the SNP's travails.

On Friday I accompanied Sir Keir, Scottish Labour leader, Anas Sarwar and shadow climate change and net zero secretary, Ed Miliband on a trip to SSE's Beatrice wind farm off the east coast of Caithness.

The leader of the opposition at Westminster was in buoyant form, and no wonder.

His party sees the departure of multiple election winner Nicola Sturgeon — whom he calls a "giant in Scottish politics" — as great news.

"The SNP is imploding," he told me on the harbour side at Wick. "I think everybody can see that."

The party, he added, "has run out of road when it comes to the case for independence and that's shone a light on their record".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

With a large and sustained polling lead across the UK, and signs of improvement in Scotland, Labour may be in a positive place but the path to Downing Street is not straight and clear, running through mixed terrain.

First, there is the cosmopolitan and multicultural domain of London and other big English cities.

Then there are the more socially conservative, Brexit-inclined "red wall" seats, in the Midlands and the north of England, which switched from Labour to Boris Johnson's Conservatives at the last general election.

Finally there is the party's old Scots fiefdom, stretching from Ayrshire in the west through the central belt to Fife in the east, where the SNP have dominated with a pro-independence, pro-European message since 2015.

The SNP hold 45 of the Scottish 59 seats at Westminster (two more have defected to Alex Salmond's Alba Party since the last general election) but Labour strategists now reckon at least 15 of those would be competitive based on current polling, particularly in Glasgow, Fife, Midlothian and East Lothian.

With that in mind, on this trip Sir Keir appears to have adopted the doctor's maxim: first, do no harm. In our interview he uses the word "humility" a lot.

"I think Labour lost its way and got too far from voters here in Scotland and that's why I've spent a lot of time in Scotland listening, engaging, talking about the future," he says.

Precisely what he means by getting too far from the voters is not terribly clear.

Sir Keir Starmer, Ed Miliband and Anas Sarwar travelled to the Beatrice wind farm off Caithness on Friday

How would he respect the democratic will of the Scottish people to remain in the European Union, and the pro-independence majority in the Scottish Parliament?

The real answer to both questions is, he won't. But that would sound harsh so he adopts softer language.

On Brexit he says: "If you want a closer relationship with the EU, I hear you, I agree with you and we will set about ensuring that we do have that close relationship."

On independence he rejects "breaking up the United Kingdom," while recognising that there is a "desire for change".

Labour's attempt to defuse independence as an issue is to acknowledge an asymmetry in political and economic power between the prosperous south east of England and other parts of the UK, which it proposes to tackle by embracing some of the recommendations in Gordon Brown's recent commission on the UK's future, while considering whether to adopt others.

Already on Labour's agenda are House of Lords reform; decentralisation of economic power to the nations and regions of the UK; and improved intergovernmental working between the various administrations of these islands.

"Decisions should be made by people most closely affected by those decisions," says Sir Keir.

Isn't that an argument for independence?

No, he insists, it's an argument for local decision-making within the UK framework.

"The people in the Highlands can make decisions in partnership with the Labour government about the future living standards here, the future jobs, the skills we're talking about this morning," he explains.

Aware of this looming Labour threat, the SNP is keen to conflate Sir Keir's party with Rishi Sunak's, reminding voters that Labour and Tories joined together in the Better Together campaign against independence in 2014.

Labour politicians joined Conservative and Liberal Democrat counterparts to campaign for the union ahead of the 2014 referendum

Sir Keir's decision to approvingly quote Margaret Thatcher in a speech on crime while in Stoke this week makes the SNP's job easier while underlining the Labour leader's difficulty in assembling such a diverse electoral coalition.

Still, he can take comfort that his opponents here also face immense challenges.

The new SNP leader will have to tackle deep-rooted problems in Scotland's public services which are costing and blighting lives.

He or she will also be under pressure to set out a credible route map towards — and a credible plan for — independence.

And the winner must also reunite a divided party in time for a general election expected to be held next year in which, it is now clearer than ever, Scotland will be a key battleground.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Met Gala: Lizzo and Sir James Galway get suited and fluted

US singer Lizzo has written a gushing tribute to her musical idol - and fellow flautist - Sir James Galway after they duetted at the Met Gala.

The pair performed for sharply-dressed guests at the prestigious fashion event in New York on Monday night.

For Lizzo it was an opportunity to play with her hero; for Sir James it was late-night rehearsals, trips to the Vogue offices and keeping big secrets.

"It was amazing - she is a very good player," said Belfast-born Sir James.

He told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme that he "really enjoyed" the gig and he praised Lizzo's performance.

Nicknamed "the man with the golden flute", 83-year-old Sir James is a world-renowned classical musician and has previously claimed to be Lizzo's number-one fan.

The adoration is clearly mutual.

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by lizzobeeating This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In an Instagram post on Wednesday night Lizzo shared a video of her playing with Sir James and said he had "changed the trajectory" of her life.

She wrote that when she was 11 years old and learning the flute she needed a challenge and found Sir James's 1976 album The Man With The Golden Flute.

She added: "Now, years later I had the honour to play beside Sir James Galway, and receive lessons from him and even play his alto flute.

"I can confidently say I wouldn't be the musician I am today without his influence.

"Thank you for everything this week. You are truly the King of Flutes and I can't wait to play with you again."

The annual Met Gala is one of the biggest events in the New York celebrity calendar, raising money for the city's Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Tickets are rumoured to cost upwards of $50,000 (£40,000) and the 400 or so guests are handpicked by organiser Anna Wintour, Vogue's editor-in-chief.

Big, bold fashion statements are the order of the night and this year the guests were asked to wear outfits in honour of German designer Karl Lagerfeld, who died in 2019.

Lizzo, pictured on the red carpet at Monday's Met Gala, is best known for massive pop hits such as Good As Hell, About Damn Time and Juice

Lizzo dazzled in a long, black gown donned with strings of pearls and wore matching black leather gloves and Chanel earrings.

The Grammy-winning singer and classically-trained flute player was chosen as the performer for Monday's event and she and Sir James duetted on The Flight Of The Bumblebee.

Sir James and his wife live in Switzerland but were in New York to visit friends and family when they were invited to join Lizzo at the gala.

Speaking to BBC News NI, he praised Lizzo as a "great entertainer".

"When she gets on the stage she takes full command," he said.

"It was quite funny - they wanted to give us chairs and Lizzo complained so they came up with these two thrones.

"I was definitely impressed, she was very respectful."

His wife Lady Jeanne Galway said they had been sworn to secrecy ahead of the event but ultimately had a spectacular night.

Sir James Galway has sold tens of millions of records in a career spanning six decades

"When we first met Lizzo at the rehearsal on Saturday at 11pm at night she came and she bowed down to my husband and said what an honour it was," she said.

"She kept saying to me: 'I'm so nervous, I'm so nervous, he's my idol.'"

Lady Galway said the performance was centred around the flute "and that's why they wanted Sir James".

"It started with 18 flautists planted around the hall and they're in incredible costumes.

"It was the most elegant group and they were so quiet when Sir James and Lizzo were playing."

Lady Galway, also a famous flautist who regularly duets on tour with her husband, spoke of her amazement at the Met Gala.

Lizzo often plays a flute during her live performances

"We had to sign more forms to secrecy that Sir James was playing," she said.

"And when we got invited Sir James said, typically: 'Ah, I don't think I want to get involved in this. This is going to be very complicated.'

"But the team is so professional and they brought us down by car to Vogue and they would give him anything he wanted to wear.

"They refitted my gold dress with pearls and they couldn't have been kinder.

"[The performance] was spectacular - it was a minute-and-a-half on stage but it was a strong minute-and-a-half.

"Then they went into the rest of the gala and the afterparty and we went home."

A four-day walkout by junior doctors across England straight after the Easter break is putting patients at "greater risk", says Health Secretary Steve Barclay.

More than a quarter of a million appointments and operations could be cancelled in the strike that began this morning.

The British Medical Association is asking for a 35% pay rise.

But the government says that is an unreasonable request.

Mr Barclay accused organisers of timing the strike just after the Bank Holiday Easter weekend - a period when the NHS already faces increased demand and greater staff absence - "to maximise disruption".

The BMA said there were plans to pull doctors off picket lines if lives were in immediate danger. Under trade union laws, life-and-limb cover must be provided.

The junior doctors' approach contrasts with recent strikes by nurses and ambulance workers, which saw unions agree to exempt certain emergency services.

But doctors say they are striking for patient safety as much as about pay, saying that current pay levels are affecting recruitment and leading to many doctors leaving the profession.

Dr Emma Runswick, deputy chairwoman of the BMA, said they are hoping this round of industrial action will be the last - but "we will continue" if the government does not move.

She told BBC One's Breakfast. "This is not a situation where we are fixed in our position. We are looking for negotiations and Steve Barclay isn't even willing to talk to us.

"He hasn't put any offer at all on the table. If we want to start a negotiation there has to be two sides in the discussion."

Mr Barclay said he had hoped to begin formal pay negotiations with the BMA last month but said its demand for a 35% pay rise was unfair and would result in some junior doctors "receiving a pay rise of over £20,000".

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Prof Sir Stephen Powis, NHS England's national medical director, said it would be "the most disruptive industrial action in NHS history".

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme as the walkout began on Tuesday morning, Mr Powis warned it "will take weeks" to recover from the strikes as "services will undoubtedly be affected".

During last month's three-day walkout by junior doctors, more than 175,000 treatments and appointments were cancelled.

But Prof Sir Stephen added the expectation is to see "considerably more" cancellations this time around due to the strike lasting four days. Estimates from other senior NHS figures have suggested between 250,000 and 350,000 appointments and operations could be cancelled.

Mental health services and some GP surgeries are also expected to be impacted, while the NHS said it will prioritise keeping critical care, maternity, neonatal care, and trauma operations running.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, co-chairman of the BMA junior doctors' committee, advised people to still ring 999 if they have a life-threatening illness as "the service is working as normal and we have prioritised emergencies".

Dr Paul Turnbull, 61, from Hampshire, who is an occupational health doctor, needs a prosthetic femur bone implanted in his leg.

His operation has been cancelled twice - once in December, because he developed deep vein thrombosis, and the second time because of the first junior doctors' strike. The operation is now due to take place on 18 April, after the four-day strike.

He has limited mobility and is unable to work.

"As a doctor, I don't believe doctors should strike. I think our first responsibility is to our patients and I think using patients as pawns in a dispute with the government is not something we should be doing."

Neuroscientist Dr Camilla Hill, 42, from Nottingham, has also been affected. She has had two knee operations cancelled because of the junior doctors' strikes - one this week and one back in March. She now has a third date scheduled for 25 April.

She has been unable to do some of her favourite hobbies, which include hiking and sailing, in part because of the pain in her knees.

"I feel really frustrated. It's messed me about, it's messed about my employer, it's messed about my husband - and it's messed about his employer as well. It's not just the patient whose operation is cancelled that's impacted, it's everybody around them."

Junior doctors say their demanding for a 35% increase in pay is to compensate for 15 years of below-inflation wage increases.

But the government has said the pay demand is unrealistic, pointing to the deal other health unions - representing nurses and other workers - have recommended to their members, which includes a 5% pay rise and one-off payment of at least £1,655.

More than 40% of the medical workforce are classed as junior doctors, with two-thirds of them members of the BMA.

The term junior doctors covers those who are fresh out of medical school through to others who have a decade of experience behind them.

Rabiat is in her third year of junior training, working in a hospital in the south east of England.

She is planning on striking this week, saying it is as much about safety as it is pay.

"It's quite a common thing that junior doctors are left alone with wards of patients to look after, with their seniors having gone down to A&E or an acute assessment area, for example.

"We feel really left out and unsupported. Not because our seniors don't want to support us, but because we are all stretched to our limits.

"I really hope that the strikes will make the government realise that this is really having a big impact on junior doctors - and the whole of the NHS - and more actually needs to be done."

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Gary Lineker says "it's great to be here" as he returns to present BBC football following suspension

Gary Lineker has returned to presenting BBC football coverage for the first time since last week's impartiality row, saying it is "great to be here".

Pundit Alan Shearer said it had been a "really difficult situation for everyone concerned" as he welcomed Lineker back.

"It's good to get back to some sort of normality," he added.

Lineker was taken off air following a critical tweet on the government's asylum policy.

Last Saturday's Match of the Day was broadcast without presenters or commentary and was only 20 minutes long after many of Lineker's BBC Sport colleagues, including Shearer, walked out in "solidarity".

On Monday the BBC said it would launch an independent review of its social media guidelines, particularly for freelancers like Lineker, 62 - but he could return in the meantime.

At the start of the BBC's live coverage of Manchester City v Burnley in the FA Cup on Saturday, Shearer said: "I just need to clear up and wanted to say how upset we were [to] all the audiences who missed out on last weekend.

"It was a really difficult situation for everyone concerned, and through no fault of their own some really great people in TV and in radio were put in an impossible situation.

"That wasn't fair. So it's good to get back to some sort of normality and be talking about football again."

On Twitter, Lineker quashed any rumours and said Match of the Day on Saturday "was always" going to be presented by broadcaster Mark Chapman.

"For those who missed it and are asking, I presented the Match of the Day's live FA Cup game earlier this evening", he said.

Earlier, he tweeted a picture of himself on set at the Etihad Stadium and wrote: "Ah the joys of being allowed to stick to football."

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Gary Lineker 💙💛 This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In another tweet, he posted a picture of pundits and ex-England footballers Shearer and Micah Richards calling them "teammates".

The BBC confirmed it had asked Lineker to step back from his TV duties in a statement last week, after Lineker described the asylum policy as an "immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s".

His agent Jon Holmes wrote that the former England striker thought he had permission to voice an opinion on such matters.

"Gary takes a passionate interest in refugees and immigration and, as he saw it, had a special agreement with Tim Davie, the BBC's director general, to tweet about these issues," Jon Holmes wrote in the New Statesman.

Mr Davie has said he is committed to looking at how the corporation's impartiality guidelines apply to freelance staff, acknowledging there are "grey areas".

He apologised for what he acknowledged had been "a difficult period" for staff, presenters and audiences - and described the BBC's commitment to freedom of expression and impartiality as a "difficult balancing act".

He also denied his deal to get the presenter back on air was a "climbdown", telling BBC News: "I've always said we needed to take proportionate action."

After the official BBC statement statement was published, Lineker tweeted: "I have been presenting sport on the BBC for almost three decades and am immeasurably proud to work with the best and fairest broadcaster in the world. I cannot wait to get back in the MOTD chair on Saturday."

Ukrainian servicemen ride atop of a BM-21 Grad multiple launch rocket system near a front line in Donetsk region on 21 June

Ukrainian forces are "highly likely" to have recaptured land in the country's eastern Donbas region occupied by Russia since 2014, the UK says.

On Saturday, a Ukrainian commander said land had been retaken near the Russian-occupied village of Krasnohorivka.

Airborne forces have since made "small advances" east from that village, in Donetsk, the UK's MoD says.

It comes as Ukraine's leader said his country's counter-offensive was making advances on all fronts.

Speaking during his overnight address, Volodymyr Zelensky said it was a "happy day" for Ukraine but did not give details or talk about any areas specifically.

In 2014 Russia illegally annexed the southern Crimean peninsula and Russia-backed forces took control of parts of Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts bordering Russia in the east.

In its daily intelligence briefing, the UK defence ministry said Ukraine's advances east of Krasnohorivka constituted "one of the first instances since Russia's February 2022 invasion that Ukrainian forces have highly likely recaptured an area of territory occupied by Russia since 2014".

Ukraine's simultaneous attacks across the Donbas front line - part of its counter-offensive efforts - are likely to have overstretched forces from the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic and Chechen forces operating in this area, the UK defence ministry said.

The BBC has not verified the assessment. The Russian authorities have not mentioned Krasnohorivka in their updates.

Earlier this month, Mr Zelensky confirmed Ukraine's long-awaited counter-offensive to recapture areas occupied by Russia had begun. Last week, he acknowledged to the BBC that battlefield progress has been "slower than desired".

On Monday, the commander of Ukraine's forces on the southern front line, Oleksandr Tarnavskyi, said Ukrainian forces were "moving forward" in the southern direction.

"There are already liberated territories and our movement continues," he said, without giving further details of which specific areas he was talking about.

Ukrainian forces have also reportedly made gains in the southern Kherson region, crossing the Dnipro river and establishing a foothold on its left bank, according to pro-Russian war bloggers.

Writing on Telegram, military blogger Sasha Kots said in the last week, Ukrainian activity on the Dnipro in the area of the Antonivskiy Bridge by Kherson city had increased.

The left side of the Dnipro has been under the control of Russian-occupying forces, while the right side has been under Ukrainian control. The Antonivskiy Bridge did link the two sides - though it has been significantly damaged during the course of the conflict.

Mr Kots said Ukrainian troops had now "entrenched" themselves on the left bank and are trying to expand the foothold further south.

The BBC has not verified this and Ukraine has not made any official mention of its movements there.

Seven aid workers from the World Central Kitchen (WCK) have been killed in an Israeli air strike in Gaza, the charity's founder says.

The victims were British, Polish, Australian, Palestinian and also included a dual US-Canadian citizen, WCK said.

Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has acknowledged that the Israeli military hit "innocent people", describing it as tragic and unintentional.

"It happens in war, we check it to the end, we are in contact with the governments, and we will do everything so that this thing does not happen again," he said in a video message.

Here's what we know about the aid workers killed.

Ms Frankcom died "doing the work she loves", her family said in a statement.

The aid worker from Melbourne, Australia was the WCK's Relief Lead in Gaza. She was described as a "kind, selfless and outstanding human being [who] travelled the world helping others in their time of need".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Australian aid worker Lalzawmi "Zomi" Frankcom (seen on the left), who was killed in Gaza, was seen in this recent WCK video

"She will leave behind a legacy of compassion, bravery and love for all those in her orbit," they added.

Last month, WCK posted a video on X of Ms Frankcom at their kitchen in Deir al-Balah, central Gaza, which was newly opened.

Dora Weekley, a friend and former WCK colleague, told ABC News that Ms Frankcom was "dedicated" and someone who made sure people in need had a hot meal to look forward to every day.

Ms Weekley met Ms Frankcom in 2019, when they responded to Hurricane Dorian in the Bahamas, and worked with her again during the summer bushfires in Australia.

"Our brave compatriot, Mr Damian Sobol from Przemysl, helped people in need in Gaza where there is a humanitarian crisis. He was killed during an attack which the Israeli army has accepted responsibility for," he said in a video message on X. In an earlier post, he said he had personally asked the Israeli ambassador for an "urgent explanation" for the strike.

Polish President Andrzej Duda wrote on X that it was "with deep pain" that he had learned about the deaths of the WCK volunteers, including a Polish citizen.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

"These brave people changed the world for the better with their service and dedication to others. This tragedy should never have happened and must be explained," he said.

Mr Sobol, from Przemysl in south-eastern Poland, was originally identified by the city's mayor in a Facebook post.

Wojciech Bakun called Mr Sobol a "fantastic boy" and said words could not describe how those who knew him were feeling.

Colleagues of Mr Sobol have posted comments on social media describing how he had taken part in delivering aid to Ukrainian refugees following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

Mourners gathered in the Gazan city of Rafah on Tuesday for the funeral of the Palestinian driver who was killed in the strike.

Hundreds of people mourned Saifeddin Issam Ayad Abutaha, whose body was transported to Rafah, his hometown, where relatives, colleagues and friends carried him on their shoulders.

Saifeddin Issam Ayad Abutaha (L) posted a selfie with Damian Sobol (R) on Instagram nine weeks ago

"He was happy to work with an organisation that provides humanitarian aid to the displaced, our hearts are broken by your death, Saif," his close friend Hassan said amid tears, sadness and anger.

"You have hurt us with your passing, and we will not forget you. We pray for your mercy, Saif, and may God give us patience and give patience to your family and loved ones," he told the BBC.

Three British nationals were killed in the attack. They were all former soldiers who were working for UK-based security firm Solace Global as part of WCK's security team.

Mr Chapman was one of the three.

His family described him as "an incredible father, husband, son and brother" who "will forever be a hero".

Mr Chapman was working as a security advisor for WCK in Gaza alongside the other two British men killed

In a statement, they said they were "devastated" to have lost him, adding he died trying to help people.

"He will be missed dearly," they said.

Chris Burns, who served with Mr Chapman in the military, remembers him as a "very, very bubbly [man who] got on with everybody".

"He was a very, very funny guy," Mr Burns said on BBC World at One.

Mr Kirby was born in Bristol and had completed tours in Bosnia and Afghanistan with the British Armed Forces before working as a security consultant.

His family said he would be "remembered as a hero" who will "never know the void he has left".

Mr Kirby's cousins described him as a "selfless" person who had travelled all around the world

"James was always willing to lend a helping hand to anyone, even in the face of senseless violence," they said in a statement.

Speaking to the BBC, Mr Kirby's cousin Adam McGuire said he was "completely selfless" and "just wanted to help people", which is why he had gone to Gaza.

Another cousin, Amy Roxburgh-Barry, described him as a "true friend" who "loved his mates, he loved his family."

Mr Henderson was the third British man killed.

He had been in Gaza for just over a week alongside with Mr Chapman and Mr Kirby. They were due to return home in days, the BBC understands.

Mr Henderson had been in Gaza for just over a week

The three's roles as security advisers were to ensure the aid convoy travelling in Gaza followed safety procedures and remained on the correct route.

Matthew Harding, the non-executive director of the security company that employed them, said all three had extensive experience in risk management and were "all highly trained, highly professional".

He added that their deaths were "a truly tragic loss to both us and indeed their loved ones".

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak spoke to Mr Netanyahu on Tuesday evening about the strike. Downing Street said the prime minister told Mr Netanyahu he was appalled by the incident and demanded a thorough and transparent investigation into their deaths.

Mr Sunak said earlier he was "shocked and saddened" and sent his thoughts to the friends and families of the victims. He added that aid charities should be "praised and commended" for their work, which they should be allowed to do "unhindered".

The dual US-Canadian was born in Quebec and had served 11 years in the Canadian Armed Forces. He had been a volunteer in Gaza since early March.

Mr Flickinger's parents told the BBC on Thursday that their son had loved his job. "The work married his talents," his father, John Flickinger, said. "His love for adventure and his desire to serve and help others."

"He was such a good human being," his mother Sylvie Labrecque said. "He was extremely devoted to his work and his family."

Mr Flickinger's father described him as a "the best, most loyal friend you could ask for"

Mr Flickinger had recently settled in Costa Rica with his partner Sandy and their 18-month-old son, named Jasper.

"Jasper will be a very good inspiration for us to stay strong," Mrs Labrecque said. "Right now, we're still in shock."

US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken called the aid workers "heroes" who were "simply trying to help fellow human beings".

He said Washington had spoken directly to the Israeli government and urged "a swift, thorough and impartial investigation to understand exactly what happened".

Canadian Foreign Minister Mélanie Joly echoed the call for a full investigation, and said: "Strikes on humanitarian personnel are absolutely unacceptable."

More than 196 aid workers have been killed in Gaza since October, according to the US-funded Aid Worker Security Database, which records major incidents of violence against aid personnel.

Most of those killed since the war broke out six months ago worked for the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA, which runs the biggest aid operation in Gaza.

About 1,200 people were killed and 253 hostages taken when Hamas launched its unprecedented attack on southern Israel on 7 October. About 130 hostages remain in captivity, at least 34 of whom are presumed dead.

Since then, more than 33,000 people have been killed in Gaza, including many women and children, the Hamas-run health ministry says.

The first minister's official residence is in Charlotte Square in Edinburgh

A 28-year-old man has been charged with a breach of the peace after an incident near Bute House, the residence of Scotland's new first minister.

Police were called at 19:40 BST on Saturday to Charlotte Square in Edinburgh - the site of Humza Yousaf's official residence.

Officers said they made the arrest following reports of the man acting "suspiciously" in the square.

Mr Yousaf became first minister earlier this week after being made SNP leader.

His new cabinet has held its first formal meeting at Bute House on Friday.

Police Scotland put cordon in place in Charlotte Square on Saturday while inquiries were carried out.

A force spokesperson said: "There was no threat to the wider public and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal."

Mr Yousaf chaired his first cabinet meeting in Bute House on Friday
• None Yousaf confirmed as Scotland's new first minister

A big, stark number. And an ocean of nuance.

Net migration added 606,000 to the UK's population last year, according to the Office for National Statistics.

An estimated 1.2 million people arrived, while just over half a million left.

But migration is about so much more than just numbers.

It is about emotion, communities and public services. It is about promises, people and places.

Who and how many should the country welcome, from where and for how long?

I have been talking to people in Great Yarmouth in Norfolk about it.

The east of England is highly dependent on immigration - and Great Yarmouth overwhelmingly backed Brexit too.

The promises of three successive Conservative prime ministers were washed away by reality.

"Net migration will be in the order of tens of thousands each year, no ifs, no buts," claimed David Cameron.

There were lots of ifs and even more buts - he never got close.

"We believe sustainable numbers are the tens of thousands," repeated Theresa May. She never managed it either.

Boris Johnson learnt the lesson of too specific a promise, and instead said: "numbers will come down, because we'll be able to control the system," as a consequence of Brexit.

He was right about the last bit, but save for the exceptional period of the pandemic, the numbers have done the opposite - they have rocketed.

In the Kings Arms in Caister-on-Sea, I chat to members of the local social club, who are having a lunchtime drink.

"I had a grandmother who came from Estonia when the Russians invaded, so I am a product of that. I do think it is important to take in people in need. But I think we have got to the point where we need to ease off a little," says Susie, sitting on a stool at the bar.

"That fairness seems to have been lost. It seems there is an influx of those who wish to come here to literally sponge off us and not contribute," her husband Owen adds.

"I think we need a certain influx to help us to work in this country. So I don't think you'll ever get it down to zero," says Mike.

Mike says there will always be a need for some immigration

The view at the Kings Arms is clear: providing a sanctuary for the desperate is admirable.

But when politicians talk about their post-Brexit capacity to control immigration, folk here simply don't believe that is actually what they are managing to do.

And the nature of immigration is changing too.

"Since Brexit, free movement has been switched off, so we are seeing less EU nationals moving into the town than we had pre Brexit, says Fiona Costello from the EU Migrant Worker Project at Cambridge University.

"But what we are seeing is some temporary visa schemes in its place. Different nationalities are now being able to move to the town, because these visa routes are open to EU and non EU communities," she adds.

Fiona Costello researches the impact of Brexit on migration

Perhaps a mile or so up the hill, Robert is being helped to exercise by Sandhya and Harjeet. They arrived from India two years ago, and now work at the Gresham Care Home.

Robert is paralysed and requires a lot of support.

Standing proudly in the corridor, is the owner and manager here, Vidia Ruhomutally.

She arrived in the UK from Mauritius decades ago, as homesick as she was ambitious to build a better life.

Years later, she runs a home accommodating around 40 residents. She's a significant employer too, providing jobs for over 70 people - the vast majority of whom she recruits from overseas.

The process is arduous: online interviews; buying up local property in which to put up her staff; helping them adjust to life in the UK.

She has found there is nowhere near enough local people willing to do the work.

"Without India, we wouldn't be here. And without us, the hospital would have bed blocking," she says.

"They wouldn't be able to release patients to me. We wouldn't be able to provide our community a service, if we didn't have the beds."

For years, our leaders at Westminster offered promises on immigration without the full toolkit to deliver them.

This is no longer the case: after Brexit, all of the levers of control are in their hands.

But shoving them this way or that comes with trade-offs: societal, economic, political.

Rishi Sunak has re-written the Tory promise of 2019 to reduce net migration, which then stood at around a quarter of a million a year.

He has done so because he won't keep that promise.

Instead, he suggests, his target is the number he inherited, about half a million.

Close observers of the numbers tell me this should be achievable.

Come the general election, he, Keir Starmer and the other Westminster leaders will have to set out their own vision and priorities.

Migration: it's about promises, people and places - and our ongoing conflicted conversation over what to do about it.

Wayne Shorter is credited with shaping much of 20th century jazz music

One of the greatest jazz saxophonists, Wayne Shorter, has died in Los Angeles at the age of 89.

A well-known figure on the jazz circuit in the late 1950s, Shorter is credited with shaping much of 20th Century jazz music.

The 12-time Grammy award winner played alongside several greats, including Miles Davis, Carlos Santana and Herbie Hancock.

He died surrounded by his family on Thursday, his publicist confirmed.

Tributes that poured in from social media shared a common sentiment: gone, but not forgotten.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Herbie Hancock This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In the 1950s, he played with the Jazz Messengers among the likes of Blakey, Lee Morgan and Freddie Hubbard, eventually becoming the group's musical director.

But in 1964 he was swooped away after several attempts by jazz legend Miles Davis to become part of Davis' Second Great Quintet. It was there he played alongside the prolific pianist Hancock.

Shorter had also released solo albums as early as 1959, including the acclaimed Speak No Evil, Night Dreamer and JuJu.

Recording solo albums gave him more creative freedom. He began fusing jazz with rock and Latin music, birthing the sounds admired in his next musical group Weather Report.

Adding funk and R&B grooves, in 1977 Shorter's Heavy Weather album went platinum and reached the US top 30 charts.

By the late 1970s, Shorter had left the Second Great Quintet and joined Hubbard and Hancock in forming VSOP. The group recorded the 1994 Grammy-winning album A Tribute to Miles, following Davis' death. In 1997, he also played with the Rolling Stones on their album Bridges to Babylon.

Wayne Shorter was born in Newark, New Jersey, in 1933, and initially played the clarinet at age 15. Soon after he moved on to tenor and soprano on saxophone and studied music at university before spending two years in the US Army.

Among the dozen Grammy awards he won, Shorter received a Lifetime Achievement award in 2015.

A pair of rare Apple trainers are being sold by auction house Sotheby's for $50,000 (£38,969).

The shoes were custom-made for employees only in the 1990s and were a one-time giveaway at a conference.

A pair have never been sold to the public before.

Featuring a predominately white leather upper, "a standout detail" is the old rainbow Apple logo on both the tongue and next to the laces and will be "highly coveted", said Sotheby's.

The retailer described them as "one of the most obscure in existence", highlighting the rarity of the sneakers and their value on the resale market.

While the Omega x Apple sneakers are "new in the box", the description says they do have some imperfections, including a yellowing around the midsoles.

The pair feature an air cushioning window in the heel and are a US size 10.5, European size 41 or UK 8.5. In the box there is also an alternative pair of red laces.

Over time, Apple memorabilia has been rocketing in value and many of its retro gadgets are now collectors items selling for high prices - although not all of its items have been hits.

There was a traditional video game console called Pippin which was hugely overpriced, the ill-fated social network called Ping, and the Newton MessagePad which was described as a flop.

One of its more successful recent auctions include a first edition, unopened 4GB iPhone, which sold for over $190,000 (£145,000) at auction in the US.

Although Apple is famed for its gadgets and innovations, on occasion tech fans have been able to purchase clothing and accessories from the brand.

There was an Apple collection clothing line which incorporated the rainbow logo and Macintosh computer imagery - it included T-shirts, polo shirts, sweatshirts and hats.

It was intended to promote the Apple brand and create a sense of community - however, at the time it was not a major success and was discontinued.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Jon Erlichman This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In 2015, Apple partnered with the luxury fashion brand Hermès to create a collection of watch straps. In 2020 it released a strap in celebration of black history month.

For employees there have been Apple Park jackets, designed for those working at the company's headquarters in Cupertino, California.

Daniel McConville, a father of two, died in jail on 30 August 2018

A report into the death of a 22-year-old prisoner has called for improvement in how people with complex needs are assessed and managed while in jail.

Daniel McConville died in Maghaberry Prison in 2018, shortly after he warned staff that he intended to self-harm.

The prison ombudsman investigated after Mr McConville's family raised concerns about his treatment in custody.

But the ombudsman said she found no evidence to suggest Mr McConville was assaulted or bullied by prison staff.

"The care provided by the Prison Service was appropriate based on the information and knowledge available to prison officers," the report by Prisoner Ombudsman Lesley Carroll concluded.

However, she added that prison staff managing Mr McConville on a day-to-day basis were "unaware of much of his background" and she has made recommendations to improve the supervision and care of inmates with neurodevelopmental disabilities.

The prisoner, who had 80 previous convictions, had a documented history of self-harm, drug abuse and depression.

He had been prescribed anti-depressants, but was without access to this medication on three occasions in jail and it was not present in his body at the time of his death.

During his early childhood, Mr McConville was also diagnosed with a learning difficulty and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).

The ombudsman's report pointed out "there is no specific service for those with ADHD" within the prison system.

"I am concerned that the needs of those who face multiple challenges in their lives, including multiple low-level health diagnoses, could be better addressed while they are in custody," Ms Carroll said.

Using prison records, her report documents the events leading up to the night of 29/30 August 2018, when Maghaberry staff found Mr McConville unresponsive in his cell.

Following a number of short stays in custody throughout his youth, he was charged with burglary and theft in June 2018 and was remanded in custody.

During a 70-day detention period, Mr McConville had several health assessments and moved cells seven times.

He also had altercations with other inmates, lost privileges after breaking prison rules and complained that he had been assaulted by prison staff.

"Based on materials examined as part of this investigation and the significant number of interviews conducted, I was not able to substantiate the allegations made of mistreatment and bullying," the ombudsman concluded.

"It seems more likely that, at least in part, Mr McConville's behaviour was challenging for prison staff who had very little understanding or knowledge of his underlying conditions."

However, her report also noted at the time of his death, the prisoner was being managed under the Supporting People At Risk (SPAR) process and was therefore considered as being at "increased risk" of self-harm and suicide.

She added that the evidence suggested that Mr McConville had not taken his prescribed anti-depressant medication for at least a week prior to his death and that this "also put him at an elevated risk of suicide".

Maghaberry Prison is a high-security men's jail which holds both sentenced and remand prisoners

On 28 August 2018 - the day before Mr McConville was found unresponsive in his cell - he alleged he was being bullied by staff on the landing of Erne House.

He threatened to cut himself if he was not moved from his cell and, as a result, a senior prison officer interviewed him and opened a SPAR.

This action required staff to observe Mr McConville every 30 minutes.

The following day, the prisoner appeared in court via video-link to apply for release on bail.

The court refused, because no bail address could be secured for him.

He returned to his cell and prison records state that checks were carried out exactly every 30 minutes from 21:05 until he was found unresponsive at 23:04.

An ambulance and fire fighters were called but Mr McConville was pronounced dead shortly after midnight on 30 August.

An inquest into the cause of his death is pending.

The ombudsman's report contains five recommendations, including a suggestion of better communication between the police and prison services about the progress of investigations into prison assaults.

She also recommended that prison staff and health workers should access training on neurodevelopmental disabilities including ADHD to "inform practice in response to behaviour and presentation of individuals in custody".

"While I have found that Mr McConville's care was within standards, I am also convinced that there is considerable work to be done to ensure that the notion of rehabilitation is a reality for young men such as Mr McConville", she concluded.

The video shows the driver pointing what appears to be a gun

A 48-year-old Belfast man charged in connection with a video circulating online showing a man with a suspected firearm has been denied bail.

Brian Alexander Stalford of Park Avenue in the city is charged with possession of a pistol-type weapon with intent to cause fear of violence, threats to kill and common assault.

He was also charged with possession of cocaine.

An officer told the court he could connect the defendant to the charges.

The officer outlined the contents of the conversation contained in the online video and told Belfast Magistrates' Court there had been a number of malicious threats made in the car and the muzzle of a gun had been used.

The passenger had been instructed to work off a drugs-related debt, the officer said.

The detective told the court he investigated the activities of the east Belfast UVF and he believed the defendant was an "enforcer of a drugs-related matter".

He added that there was nothing to say the defendant was a member of the east Belfast UVF.

The two passengers in the car had been unwilling to cooperate with the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI), the officer said.

A defence solicitor told the court there had been no complaints made to the police by the two passengers.

In a series of questions to the detective, the solicitor asked if in the defendant's account of what had happened, the defendant had stated that the firearm was a toy.

The solicitor told the court that his client had said everyone in the video had consented to what had happened and that the video, which had been recorded in March, had been watched by all three in the weeks following.

He said social media had been littered with these types of videos.

The PSNI detective rejected those claims and said that what they saw was "two frightened passengers".

In opposing bail, the officer told the court: "We say this is not TikTok foolery. We say this is an enforcer of a drugs debt."

The judge denied bail, citing a risk of interference with the case and the defendant was a risk to committing further offences.

Mr Stalford was remanded into custody and will appear again on 30 June.

Three people have died, including an 11-year-old girl, in a new night-time missile attack on Kyiv, regional police have said.

Russia has been subjecting the Ukrainian capital to regular aerial strikes with missiles and drones.

The latest attack, in which 11 other people were reported injured, occurred in the eastern Desnyanskyi and Dniprovskyi districts.

A 33-year-old woman and the girl's 34-year-old mother were also killed.

Earlier information from Ukrainian officials reported that two children had died, but that has since been revised.

This is the fourth attack this week, and comes after 17 strikes were launched on the Ukrainian capital throughout May. Most took place at night, although at least one occurred during the day.

Images shared by military authorities showed teams of rescuers attending to people, as well as damaged buildings.

In a number of early morning posts on Telegram, Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko said a "series of explosions" had taken place in the city, and that rescuers had been dealing with fallen debris and fires.

Meanwhile, Russian-backed officials in the occupied part of Ukraine's eastern Luhansk region said five people had been killed and 19 injured by Ukrainian shelling at a poultry farm on Wednesday.

On Thursday morning, the governor of the western Russian region of Belgorod, which borders Ukraine, said at least two people had been injured in an attack on the town of Shebekino which he blamed on Ukrainian troops.

"The night is tense for Shebekino again. Ukrainian troops were shelling the city for an hour," Vyacheslav Gladkov wrote on his Telegram channel.

In recent weeks, Russia - which launched its full-scale invasion on Ukraine in February 2022 - has been using kamikaze drones as well as a range of cruise and ballistic missiles to attack targets in Ukraine.

Kyiv has been heavily targeted, and analysts believe Moscow is trying to deplete and damage Ukraine's air defences ahead of a long-expected counter-offensive, which the Ukrainian government has been planning for months.

A building destroyed on a poultry farm in Luhansk region on Wednesday

A councillor has stepped down as deputy leader of the local authority after he reportedly told a meeting that "all Tories should be shot".

Ieuan Williams apologised for the comment, which the WalesOnline website said was made at an internal Anglesey council meeting on Monday.

The independent councillor said he was "angry and emotional" about poverty when he made the "crass remark".

Local Conservative MP Virginia Crosbie said she was disgusted by the comment.

"This is not the rough and tumble of political life, this is out and out hate," the MP said.

"Councillor Williams knows I wear a stab vest at surgeries but still he causally remarks I and others who are Conservative should be shot.

"Two MPs have lost their lives in the last seven years and still he thinks saying such things is OK."

Mr Williams, who was the council leader between 2013 and 2017, said: "I apologise profusely for any offence caused by my inappropriate comment.

"The remark was made at the end of an emotionally charged statement, following a presentation on poverty on Anglesey.

"I am obviously not advocating shooting anyone and have apologised to all members present at the meeting.

"I have also referred myself to the standards committee and have stood down as deputy leader and member of the executive whilst any potential investigation takes place.

"This is not about any one individual. The real issue at hand here is what made me so angry and emotional in the first instance. We have a 99% increase in food bank usage on Anglesey in the three months since November 2022."

Anglesey council chief executive Dylan Williams said: "The comment made was inappropriate and unacceptable."

"Following dialogue with councillor Williams earlier today, he has referred himself to the chair of the standards committee.

"In the meantime, he has also stood down as deputy leader and education and Welsh language portfolio holder."

"Councillor Williams has accepted that his remarks were unacceptable and has apologised."

Dylan Lamb was 19 and in his first year of university when he found out he had leukaemia

Manchester City and England footballer Jack Grealish has donated £5,000 to help pay for a man's leukaemia treatment in America.

Dylan Lamb, 20, from Burton-upon-Trent, Staffordshire, was recently told his cancer had returned and he has perhaps months to live.

Friends and family are aiming to raise £1m to get him to the United States for possible treatment.

Mr Lamb's mother said Grealish's support had been tremendous for him.

Kim Veitch said: "When you're told by your consultant that you've got weeks maybe months to live it takes a lot to keep him upbeat and this is just tremendous to him."

She said he was "blown away" by all the support he had been given.

Mr Lamb was 19 and in his first year of university when he found out he had leukaemia.

When he was given the news the cancer had returned, he was told he needed a further stem cell transplant.

But his family said he must first get into remission and for that he needs CAR-T treatment which is not currently available for his age group in the UK, but which can be paid for as a clinical trial in the United States.

The NHS said CAR-T treatment involves altering immune cells in a laboratory to attach to and kill cancer cells.

As well as online appeals for donations, friend Fred Trevelyan and others will attempt the Three Peaks Challenge to raise funds.

He's a key member of our group all of us lads we're like a family and none of us could do life without him," Mr Trevelyan said.

The donation from Jack Grealish meant a lot, he said, because most of their group were football fans and they were "all overcome by emotion" to see someone "who is so busy has taken time out of their day to help".

So far, the appeal has raised close to £150,000.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Instead of reporting from the inquiry HQ in Paddington, west London, today as I planned, I’m stuck trying to work from home after testing positive for Covid again over the weekend.

Like many people, it’s the third time I’ve contracted the disease in a little over 18 months.

The first dose certainly felt the worst with a fever and a hacking cough. The second was more like a heavy cold, and I bounced back quickly.

I have to say though that this third infection is more like the first one with a complete loss of taste and smell and a couple of very uncomfortable sleepless nights.

Looking back at news reports, there was a debate at the start of the pandemic about whether it was even possible to catch Covid more than once.

It may have now become part of our everyday lives in the same way as other respiratory diseases.

Like flu though, it can still be a dangerous illness, especially for someone with a weakened immune system.

And we've still got more than 2,700 hospitals beds in England currently occupied by someone who's tested positive as of the end of last month.

Anthony Staples manages 14 apartment buildings - all of which were destroyed.

He says: "No money to rebuild. The insurance will pay some of the money but will not be enough to cover the replacement costs to restore and rebuild it as it was - you would never get that kind of money."

He fears it will be "years and years" before Rolling Fork recovers.

"The town will recover eventually but that will be years and years down the road," he tells the BBC.

"I don’t know if they’ve declared it as a disaster area.

"I don’t know, but if the Federal Government comes in with funding it would help with the rebuilding process, but regardless it will take years and years and some of the people who have been dislocated - they’re not going to return."

Russia's foreign ministry has imposed tight travel restrictions on British diplomats working in the country.

It said they must give at least five days' notice and provide extensive travel details if they want to leave a 120km (75-mile) "free movement zone".

Only the British ambassador and three senior diplomats are exempted from the measures, the ministry said.

It comes amid worsening relations between Moscow and London following the invasion of Ukraine.

Despite the two countries being at odds over the war, both have continued to operate diplomatic missions on each other's soil.

The Vienna Convention - which the UK and Russia are both signed up to - is clear that governments must give accredited diplomats "freedom of movement and travel in its territory".

So governments rarely actually stop diplomats from travelling - but they can make it very difficult by imposing rules and regulations, such as the Russian government has.

The Russian foreign ministry said British diplomats will have to provide details of accommodation, transport, planned contacts and the purpose of any trip before travelling within Russia.

The restrictions will also be applied to diplomats working at the British consulate in Yekaterinburg, a city around 1090km (880 miles) to the east of Moscow.

The resulting bureaucratic demands are time-consuming and onerous but are just within the letter of the Vienna Convention.

In truth, this is just one of many irregular ways of making life difficult for diplomats.

They could find visa applications take time. They and their families could be subject to greater or lesser surveillance.

One diplomat once told me that she returned to her flat in Moscow one evening to find the magnetised letters on her fridge had been re-arranged to spell FSB, the Russia security service.

Another found her cat frozen to death outside her flat. She suspected it had been shut out deliberately.

So it is not unusual for authoritarian states to make life difficult for diplomats. For many, it goes with the territory.

The announcement was made shortly after the UK's interim charge d'affaires attended a meeting with Russian officials and was informed of the decision.

The UK Foreign Office has disputed the Russian foreign ministry's claim that the senior British diplomat had been "summoned", describing it as "disinformation".

A spokesperson for the department said: "This was a planned meeting, held at our request, as part of standard diplomatic practice."

In a statement confirming the restrictions, Russia cited the UK's support of the Ukrainian government.

It accused the UK of conducting "hostile actions... including the obstruction of the normal functioning of Russian diplomatic offices in the UK".

The UK Foreign Office has not said how it will respond to the move.

Cuba Gooding Jr, pictured at an earlier court case in 2022. The terms of the settlement have not been disclosed

Actor Cuba Gooding Jr has settled a lawsuit with an unnamed woman who accused him of raping her in a New York City hotel room in 2013.

It came as jury selection was about to begin in a federal civil trial that was expected to include damaging testimony against him.

The Oscar winner, 55, has denied the allegation and insists his interactions with the woman were consensual.

He has been accused of groping and unwanted touching by dozens of women.

The terms of the settlement have not been disclosed.

Last year, Mr Gooding pleaded guilty to kissing a woman without her consent.

That case saw him spared from jail or a criminal history, with charges relating to three other accusers dismissed as part of a plea agreement with prosecutors.

He was ordered to complete six months of alcohol and behavioural counselling.

But the testimony of those three women, who say the actor abused them between 2009 and 2019, was due to be heard at this civil case in Manhattan.

The now-settled lawsuit was filed in 2020 on behalf of a woman identified only as Jane Doe. The plaintiff sought $6m (£4.8m) in damages.

She alleged that, in the summer of 2013, Mr Gooding had introduced himself to her at a local restaurant and invited her to drinks at The Mercer Hotel in Soho, where he was staying.

At the hotel, she claimed, the actor told her he needed to change clothes, invited her up to his fifth-floor room and began to undress.

The woman said she had tried to leave but that Mr Gooding blocked her path, pushed her onto the bed, "wouldn't stop" touching her, "aggressively removed" her underwear and penetrated her twice.

A lawyer representing the defendant at the time called the allegations "completely false and defamatory".

The presiding judge ruled last week that he would allow testimony from three of Mr Gooding's other accusers because they were "sufficiently similar" to the plaintiff's allegation.

One woman, Kelsey Harbert, said last year that Mr Gooding's previous plea deal had been "more disappointing than words can say".

Jury selection in the trial was set to begin at 10:00 EDT on Tuesday, but neither Mr Gooding nor attorneys for either side showed up.

An entry on the court's electronic docket for the case reads: "TRIAL OFF. Reason for cancellation: The parties have resolved the matter."

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

British trio Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Jack Draper all won on Saturday to reach the third round at Indian Wells.

Raducanu, the 2021 US Open champion, fought back from 4-1 down in the first set to beat Poland's Magda Linette, the 20th seed, 7-6 (7-3) 6-2.

She will now face Brazil's Beatriz Haddad Maia, the 13th seed, for a place in the last 16.

Murray beat Moldova's Radu Albot 6-4 6-3 to set up a meeting with Draper, who beat compatriot Dan Evans 6-4 6-2.

Raducanu, 20, continued her return to form after shrugging off illness and a recurring wrist injury to beat Danka Kovinic on Thursday.

The world number 77 fought back to win the opening set on a tie-break, then eased through the second set for her first back-to-back victories since September.

Raducanu suffered an ankle injury before January's Australian Open and tonsillitis forced her to withdraw from last week's Austin Open, while the wrist injury that cut short her 2022 season required attention from a physiotherapist on Saturday.

"I feel better, it was still a challenge, I wouldn't say I was 100% but better than the first-round match," Raducanu, who earned her biggest win by ranking since landing the major title in New York, told BBC Sport.

"I had to dig really deep against Magda because her level was really high.

"The wrist isn't completely pain free. But I gritted my teeth a little bit and it's good to still be able to win matches at this level despite the challenges I've had over the past few weeks."

Poland's world number one Iga Swiatek enjoyed a 6-0 6-1 win over Claire Liu, whose fellow American Jessica Pegula, the third seed, fought back to beat Italy's Camila Giorgi 3-6 6-1 6-2.

Tunisian fourth seed Ons Jabeur, playing for the first time since losing in the Australian Open second round in January, fought back to beat Poland's Magdalena Frech 4-6 6-4 6-1.
• None All the results from Indian Wells and order of play

Former world number one Murray enjoyed his first straight-set win since last October after his original opponent, the 15th seed Pablo Carreno Busta of Spain, had to withdraw because of a muscle injury.

After a number of marathon wins in the opening weeks of the season, Murray said it felt good to beat Albot in one hour and 42 minutes.

"It has been a long time [since winning a match in straight sets], I've had a lot of brutal matches since then," he said.

"Probably some of them I could have finished sooner and probably a bunch a matches I could have lost as well. It was nice to get through this one."

The 35-year-old Scot now has his first meeting with Draper, 14 years his junior and ranked just one spot below him at 56.

In his first match against Evans, Draper broke the 32-year-old in his first two service games and his last two to knock out the 24th seed.

"Playing Dan is a really tough challenge, I think he is one of the best competitors on the tour and he has an awkward style. I knew that coming in and knew he wouldn't want to lose to me," said Draper.

Spain's Carlos Alcaraz, who could to the ATP number one ranking by winning the title, started with a sharp 6-3 6-3 victory against Australia's Thanasi Kokkinakis.

Defending champion Taylor Fritz came from a set down to beat fellow American Ben Shelton - the fast-rising 20-year-old who reached the Australian Open quarter-finals - in a 4-6 6-4 6-3 triumph.

Fifth seed Daniil Medvedev beat American Brandon Nakashima 6-4 6-3 while his Russian compatriot Andrey Rublev, the sixth seed, won 6-4 6-2 against the Czech Republic's Jiri Lehecka.
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone

Christian Brückner is accused of five sex offences unrelated to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann

A key witness has told a court in Germany he saw videos of the prime suspect in the disappearance of three-year-old Madeleine McCann raping an elderly woman and a young girl.

The man, named as Helge B, told the court in Braunschweig that he had picked up the videos when he broke into the Portuguese home of Christian Brückner, 47, who was a former friend.

They are unrelated to the McCann case.

He has previously denied involvement in the three-year-old's disappearance and has never been charged.

Brückner is on trial, in the German state of Lower Saxony, for three counts of rape and two of the sexual abuse of children.

The offences are all alleged to have taken place between 2000 and 2017 in Portugal, where he lived in the Algarve region on and off for years.

Brückner's lawyers have previously declared the case to be based on "very shaky foundations".

They have also questioned whether their client can get a fair trial after being publicly linked, by prosecutors, to the disappearance of Madeleine.

Helge B described meeting Brückner in Portugal in 2006 but claimed they did not get along well: "We just never vibed."

He recalled breaking into the suspect's home in Portugal while Brückner was in jail, along with another witness identified as Manfred S under German privacy conventions.

Helge B told judges that they took various things including cameras and videos - "the biggest mistake of my life" - and later watched the tapes at his mobile home.

He claimed to have seen an "old lady" being raped on a bed and that he had then recognised Brückner as the rapist when he removed a mask.

Another tape, he claimed, showed the rape of a girl, who told him in German: "Hey, Christian you know what this is - it's rape."

Helge B is also seen as a potentially key witness should Brückner ever be charged in the Madeleine McCann case.

He has previously told German tabloid newspaper Bild, that when he discussed the British girl's disappearance with the suspect in 2008, Brückner replied she "didn't scream".

In the past, Brückner has referred to his claims as "not even worthy of comment".

In court on Wednesday, Brückner's defence team sought to question Helge B's reliability as a witness.

Under cross-examination, the 52-year-old witness admitted to substance abuse between 2000 and 2010.

When asked if he had been paid €5,000 (£4,300) for the Bild interview, he replied: "Could be."

Madeleine McCann went missing from her family's Algarve holiday apartment in 2007, in what remains one of the most prominent missing persons cases in the world.

German authorities have classed the three-year-old's disappearance as a murder inquiry, but no charges have been brought.

Cyclone Mocha has hit the coasts of Bangladesh and Myanmar, battering the land around the east of the Bay of Bengal.

Storm surges of up to four metres (13ft) could swamp villages in low-lying areas and there are fears for refugee camps in the region.

Read more on this story.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: 'I didn't see what happened' says Victor Wembanyama

Britney Spears accidentally hit herself in the face as she was blocked by security while approaching a basketball star, Las Vegas police say.

Victor Wembanyama's guard, who the pop star alleged struck her during Wednesday's encounter, will not face charges, police said in a statement.

Spears said she was "backhanded in the face" by the man, calling the incident a "traumatic experience".

A copy of the police report summarising their investigation, obtained by the BBC, says: "Detectives and I were able to review surveillance footage of the event which showed Britney going to tap the Spurs player on the shoulder.

"When she touched the player [the security guard] pushes her hand off the player without looking which causes Britney's hand to hit herself in the face."

Las Vegas police also confirmed they had concluded their investigation into the alleged battery at the Aria hotel.

Video shared by TMZ shows a man block Spears as she reaches out to tap Wembanyama on the shoulder as he walks through a casino complex. Spears recoils, as she appears to hit herself.

Wembanyama has said he "didn't see what happened", but that someone was pushed.

The 19-year-old NBA top draft pick was in Las Vegas ahead of his first Summer League game when he visited a restaurant at the Aria, on South Las Vegas Boulevard, where Spears said she spotted him.

"I decided to approach him and congratulate him on his success. It was really loud, so I tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention," she said.

Spears alleged that a security guard protecting Wembanyama struck her in the face with the back of his hand, causing her glasses to fall off as she nearly fell to the ground.

The singer said she had seen Wembanyama's account of the incident, which prompted her to share her own.

The French sports star told a local news reporter: "I couldn't stop. That person was calling me, 'Sir, sir,' and that person grabbed me from behind.

"I didn't see what happened because I was walking straight and didn't stop. That person grabbed me from behind - not on my shoulder, she grabbed me from behind.

"I just know the security pushed her away. I don't know with how much force but security pushed her away. I didn't stop to look so I could walk in and enjoy a nice dinner."

Spears said she wanted "to urge people in the public eye to set an example" and thanked the Las Vegas Police Department for its support.

Sam Asghari, husband to Spears, said he hopes the security guard "changes his disregard for women"

Mr Asghari, 29, came to her defence on social media, writing: "I hope the man in question learns a lesson and changes his disregard for women."

In 2021, Spears was released from a controversial 13-year conservatorship which gave her father, Jamie Spears, sweeping control over her life.

The form of legal guardianship held power over her finances and career decisions plus major personal matters, such as her visits to her teenage sons and whether she could get remarried.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Duke of Sussex has attended his father's Coronation, sitting two rows from his brother at Westminster Abbey.

The prince had arrived without his wife Meghan, who stayed in the US, and he left immediately afterwards for a return flight from Heathrow.

The BBC understands he was not invited to appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace following the ceremony.

It is the first time he has been seen publicly with his family since his controversial memoir Spare came out.

Prince Harry, who arrived in the UK on Friday, was back in Los Angeles at 19:30 local time on Saturday after taking a British Airways flight, the PA news agency reported.

He got into a car alone outside the abbey shortly after the Coronation service had finished.

Ninety minutes later, on the Buckingham Palace balcony, the King and Queen were joined by other working members of the Royal Family, including the Prince and Princess of Wales, and their children.

Prince Harry's wife, the Duchess of Sussex, remained in Los Angeles with their children, where their son Prince Archie is celebrating his fourth birthday.

A source earlier told the US outlet Page Six that Prince Harry intended to make "every effort to get back in time for Archie's birthday".

Prince Harry wore a morning suit and medals at the ceremony and he sat with his cousin Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank in the third row, along with his uncle the Duke of York, Prince Andrew.

Two rows ahead in the front were the Prince and Princess of Wales and their children Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh.

For the late Queen Elizabeth's funeral last year, Prince Harry was in the second row - directly behind the King - at the abbey.

It was already known that Prince Harry would attend the ceremony alone and have no formal role as he is not a working member of the Royal Family.

This was also the case for Prince Andrew.

Prince Harry arrived at Westminster Abbey in a morning suit with medals

He walked in alongside the Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi

Relations between Prince Harry and other members of the family have been strained since his memoir was published.

The book vividly revealed fall-outs and disagreements with relatives, and he has since spoken of feeling "different" from the rest of his family.

The decision for Meghan to reject the invitation was widely seen as part of these continuing, unresolved family tensions.

And last month it was revealed that the King tried to stop Prince Harry taking legal action against newspapers over alleged phone-hacking.

In a witness statement revealed by court papers, Prince Harry said he was "summoned to Buckingham Palace" and told to drop the cases because of the effect on the family.

The Daily Mirror previously obtained and published still images from the same party

The Metropolitan Police is reopening an investigation into breaches of Covid regulations at a Christmas gathering at Conservative Party HQ.

A video of the event, where aides were invited to "jingle and mingle", was published by the Sunday Mirror.

Police say they will not investigate alleged gatherings at the prime minister's country home, Chequers, when Boris Johnson was PM.

But they are also now investigating an event in Parliament on 8 December 2020.

According to the Guido Fawkes website, this event involved Conservative backbencher Sir Bernard Jenkin.

Sir Bernard sits on the Commons Privileges Committee, which last month published a highly critical report about Mr Johnson.

He told the BBC it was not appropriate to comment on an ongoing investigation.

Mr Johnson - who stood down as an MP with a stinging attack on the committee - had accused Sir Bernard of "monstrous hypocrisy" if the allegations on the Guido Fawkes site were true.

Conservative MP Virginia Crosbie issued an apology for attending the event while Covid restrictions were in place.

The Ynys Mon MP confirmed the event took place but said she had not sent out any invitations.

The Met police investigated the December 2020 party at Tory HQ last year, after a picture emerged showing former London mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey and Tory aides raising glasses besides buffet food, when indoor socialising was banned in the area.

In November, the Met said they were taking no further action against Mr Bailey or the others pictured.

They have now said they are reopening their inquiry, as the video published by the Mirror was not previously provided to officers.

An invitation to the gathering, seen by the BBC, invited people to a "jingle and mingle" party.

Mr Bailey - who was given a seat in the House of Lords in Mr Johnson's resignation honours list - previously said he apologised "unreservedly" for the event, which he said had "turned into something" after he left.

He claimed he was "very upset about the video" as he had "never seen it before".

The Liberal Democrats said Prime Minister Rishi Sunak should stop Mr Bailey "from taking his seat as a peer while this investigation takes place".

Meanwhile, the Met Police and Thames Valley Police said they would not launch an investigation into potential rule-breaking between June 2020 and May 2021 at Downing Street and Chequers.

In May, the forces said they were assessing information handed to them by Cabinet Office officials after a review of Mr Johnson's official diary as part of preparations for the Covid inquiry.

Thames Valley police were looking into visits by Mr Johnson's family and friends to Chequers - the prime minister's country house in Buckinghamshire - during the pandemic.

The Met were looking at possible further rule-breaches in Downing Street.

In a jointly-issued statement on Tuesday, the forces said that after "further clarification" on the diary entries, they had decided the events did "not meet the retrospective criteria for opening an investigation".

When news of his referral broke, Mr Johnson denied there had been any Covid breaches at the events, saying the actions of the Cabinet Office bore "all the hallmarks" of a "politically motivated stitch-up".

The Cabinet Office said at the time that the material it had passed to police came from the "normal" process of reviewing documents.

Former prime minister Mr Johnson stood down as an MP last month after a Commons committee accused him of misleading Parliament over separate events in Downing Street during the pandemic.

The BBC has approached him for a fresh comment.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Joasia Zakrzewski said she is devastated by the incident

A top ultra-marathon runner who was disqualified from a race for using a car says she made a "massive error" accepting the trophy for third place.

Joasia Zakrzewski said her actions were "not malicious" and the incident was caused by miscommunication.

Dr Zakrzewski, from Dumfries, took part in the 2023 GB Ultras Manchester to Liverpool 50-mile race on 7 April.

It was later discovered she travelled by car for about 2.5 miles before continuing to complete the race.

The 47-year-old GP, who now lives near Sydney in Australia, told BBC Scotland how she had become lost on the course around the half-way mark when her leg began to feel sore and she started to limp.

The pain became so bad that when she saw a friend on the side of the course and she accepted a lift in his car to the next checkpoint to tell marshals she was pulling out of the race.

"When I got to the checkpoint I told them I was pulling out and that I had been in the car, and they said 'you will hate yourself if you stop'," Dr Zakrzewski said.

"I agreed to carry on in a non-competitive way.

"I made sure I didn't overtake the runner in front when I saw her as I didn't want to interfere with her race."

When she crossed the line she was given a medal and a third place wooden trophy and posed for pictures.

The runner, who had arrived from Australia the night before, said: "I made a massive error accepting the trophy and should have handed it back.

"I was tired and jetlagged and felt sick.

"I hold my hands up, I should have handed them back and not had pictures done but I was feeling unwell and spaced out and not thinking clearly."

Wayne Drinkwater, the director of the GB Ultras race, said after the ultramarathon he received information a runner had gained an "unsporting, competitive advantage during a section of the event".

He said: "After the event, there was no attempt by Joasia to make us aware of what had happened and to give us an opportunity to correct the results or return the third place trophy during the course of the subsequent seven days.

Joasia Zakrzewski came 14th in the 2014 Commonwealth marathon in Glasgow

"At the finish location, Joasia crossed the finish line timing mat, received her finisher medal and was presented with her trophy. At no point at the finish were the event team informed by Joasia that she was 'not running the race competitively'."

And he added: "None of our event team in question, with written statements to confirm this, were aware that Joasia had vehicle transport at any time during the race until we received information after the race from another competitor.

"If we had been made aware during the race, disqualification from the race would have been immediate at that point."

Third place in the race has now been awarded to Mel Sykes.

Dr Zakrzewski said: "I'm an idiot and want to apologise to Mel. It wasn't malicious, it was miscommunication.

"I would never purposefully cheat and this was not a target race, but I don't want to make excuses.

"Mel didn't get the glory at the finish and I'm really sorry she didn't get that."

Dr Zakrzewski said she regretted not clarifying with the marshals at the end of the race that she was not running competitively.

She said she was "devastated" by what had happened and extremely upset to see "haters" on social media calling for her to have a lifetime ban.

"I've given so much to the running world so I am devastated this has happened," she said.

In February, at the Taipei Ultramarathon in Taiwan, Dr Zakrzewski won the 48-hour race outright - setting a world record across 255 miles (411.5 km).

Racing for Great Britain in the IAU World 100km Championships, she won individual silver in 2011 and bronze in 2014 and 2015.

She also represented Team Scotland in the marathon at the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.

In 2020, aged 44, she won a 24-hour event in Australia with a distance of 236.561km.

She has set a number of records including the Scottish 24-hour record, the British 200k and the Scottish 100 miles record.
• None Ultrarunner disqualified for using a car in race

The government says housing asylum seekers in places like the Bibby Stockholm will help cut its a £6m-a-day hotel bill

For the first time, reporters have been allowed on board the Bibby Stockholm barge - the giant, floating accommodation complex that will house asylum seekers.

The barge is moored off Portland Port in Dorset and in the coming weeks will become home to 500 single men claiming UK asylum.

Walking around on board, it has the feel of an old overnight ferry or an outdated motel - a bit of a faded 1980s/90s vibe.

Long, confusing corridors lead to relatively spacious cabins which include a desk, wardrobe, safe locker, TV and large windows.

Each room has an en-suite bathroom with a shower and there are additional facilities on each of the three floors.

There were originally 222 cabins - but the main contribution to increasing its capacity from 222 to 506 has been placing bunk beds in each room.

They're not the biggest beds, but the rooms don't feel too claustrophobic.

There's a TV room with a big screen and sofas, a multi-faith prayer room and a classroom which can be used for meetings and activities.

Some other communal spaces have been converted to extra dormitory space for four to six men - but we weren't allowed to see these.

The dining room is large, with a long serving counter and tables of six set out in rows.

The sample menu includes eggs and pancakes for breakfast, potato soup and beef stew for dinner. We're told it will change regularly and cater for individual needs and religious requirements.

There's a gym and outdoor recreational space in the two courtyards in the centre of the barge. The men will also have access to the dockside, within a fenced off area - we're told this is to ensure the security of the port which also sees cruise ships, cargo vessels and navy craft docking.

There will also be 24/7 security in place on board.

The men will receive healthcare onboard the barge or remotely from a team of experts, the NHS said on Friday - following concerns among the local community over the impact extra people would have on local health services.

Buses will be available hourly between 09:00 and 23:00 to take asylum seekers to Portland or Weymouth. It's not a curfew, but if they aren't back there will be a "welfare call" to check they're OK.

The government clearly wants to show that this accommodation isn't cruel or inhumane - but the Home Office has always described this as "basic and functional".

It certainly doesn't have ocean liner splendour - there's no grand staircase, fine artwork or sculpture. The stairwells feel quite industrial.

It is light, clean and currently seems reasonably comfortable.

Some of the journalists on our visit felt the standard is better than some of the hotels currently housing asylum seekers. Of course, our stay only lasted one hour.

Some men may be on board for nine months. And once it's full to capacity, conditions could feel very different.

The government says it is currently spending £6m per day housing more than 50,000 migrants in hotels.

The Home Office says that by the autumn, they aim to house about 3,000 asylum seekers in places that aren't hotels - such as the barge, and former military sites Wethersfield in Essex and Scampton in Lincolnshire.

Last week, the Home Office announced that the first asylum seekers had moved to Wethersfield. Fifty people are expected in the first group housed on the Bibby Stockholm.

As the vessel arrived on Tuesday morning, it was met with protests from local residents and human rights groups.

Immigration minister Robert Jenrick said the government had been "clear that those who arrive in the UK illegally should not be housed in expensive hotels".

"Our use of alternative accommodation sites and vessels provide basic and appropriate standards for small boats arrivals while their claims are determined," he said.

Dorset Council is receiving £3,500 per occupied bedspace on the Bibby Stockholm, with additional funding provided to the local NHS and police, the Home Office said.

The council has also received almost £380,000 in a one-off grant to help support local charity and voluntary organisations provide services on board, it is understood.

Cefin Campbell says "unacceptable behaviour" was tolerated in Plaid Cymru for many years

A culture of bullying and misogyny in Plaid Cymru was allowed to go on "too long", one of its MSs has said.

Cefin Campbell said rumours of misconduct were known about for "many years" within the party and everyone who failed to report it was complicit.

Adam Price quit as leader on Wednesday after a report found "too many instances of bad behaviour" were tolerated by senior figures.

Mr Campbell said the culture within the party now "had to change".

"For too long... people have known about misconduct in Plaid Cymru, whether it's misogyny, bullying, sexual harassment or whatever unacceptable behaviour," the MS for Mid and West Wales told BBC Radio Wales.

He said he had not seen the behaviour described in a review led by former Plaid politician Nerys Evans since he became a Senedd member in 2021, but admitted he had "heard rumours".

"So we are all complicit in the sense that we haven't maybe reported even rumours, so that has to stop, that culture has to change."

Mr Campbell said he had supported Mr Price to continue as leader to implement the 82 recommendations in the report.

Adam Price resigned after saying he no longer had the support of his party

But he said Mr Price had "lost the dressing room" among the Plaid's Senedd group and did the "honourable thing" by stepping down.

North Wales MS Llyr Gruffydd became interim leader of Plaid on Thursday.

Mr Campbell said the party is not "divided" but the Senedd group has "differing views".

"I think that's always healthy for a democratic party," he said. "I haven't seen any infighting, there have been different views."

He added he still respects those who moved against Mr Price, saying they did what they believed was "for the good of the party".

Plaid Cymru has said a permanent new leader will be in place in the summer

Karl Davies, who was Plaid Cymru chief executive from 1993 to 2002, warned that "if the party has moved from being a place where people felt safe, felt inclusive, and it has become a fearful culture, with people not feeling that inclusion, then the party is in a dire situation".

Speaking on BBC Radio Cymru's Dros Frecwast programme, he said: "The party depends on its members in terms of financial resources, to go out and knock on doors during elections, and depends on being part of their community.

"If the members feel that they are not being led correctly and that the party leadership is maintaining the 'toxic' culture, as it was called in the report, then there will be no motivation to go out and do the work and that will be damning for the party practically as well as culturally."

Elin Jones believes it would be better if a "divisive" leadership election was avoided

Mr Davies spoke of a "feeling that the membership in the Senedd has taken over the party and the members are less powerful".

"The new leader needs to ensure that the members of the party feel that they are once again in control, and I really hope that there will be a leader who will understand the grass roots of the party," he added.

Meanwhile, Senedd presiding officer and Ceredigion Plaid Cymru MS Elin Jones confirmed in a Facebook post that she would not be joining any leadership race.

She added that she would rather there was no such election at all, but admitted her view could belong to a "minority of one".

Ms Jones, who previously ran to lead the party in 2012, said: "I won't be putting my name forward to be Plaid Cymru leader.

"Who would I like it to be? In all honesty, I'd like to see unity behind one candidate, thus avoiding a divisive, distracting leadership election so we can carry on with the job for our constituents and our country.

"There's a lot of work to do."

Confusion at Twitter appears to be continuing after owner Elon Musk introduced limits to the amount of posts users can read in a day.

The billionaire announced the "temporary measure" to address extreme levels of data scraping on the site.

Initial limits were quickly increased by Mr Musk at the weekend.

While many users reported no longer seeing limits on Sunday, some said a "rate limit exceeded" notification had returned on Monday.

Mr Musk - who took over Twitter in October 2022 had said previously that he was not happy about artificial intelligence (AI) firms using Twitter's data to train their large language models.

Changes to the platform at the weekend saw it impose an initial 600-tweet limit for unverified Twitter users who are not paying for a subscription to the platform, but Mr Musk said this had increased to 1,000 on Saturday evening.

He has not yet provided an update on whether the limits will remain in place.

Responding to a user flagging issues with site features, Mr Musk said in a tweet on Saturday morning Twitter had imposed the measures as a result of "EXTREME levels of data scraping".

The process is a key method of gathering content and information from web platforms, and involves extracting data from sites, often at great scale, to make it accessible and readable in local formats, such as in a spreadsheet.

"Almost every company doing AI, from start-ups to some of the biggest corporations on Earth, was scraping vast amounts of data," Mr Musk added in his tweet.

"It is rather galling to have to bring large numbers of servers online on an emergency basis just to facilitate some AI startup's outrageous valuation."

Similar concerns over the mass use of platform data to train AI models in part sparked Reddit's decision to make companies pay to access its data.

Data scientist and ex-Twitter employee, Dr Rumman Chowdhury, told the BBC it was unclear if AI organisations had been scraping data from Twitter, but suggested financial issues could be behind the changes.

"Frankly, I think I'm in a majority of people who believe that it's due to his lack of payment of his bills... and he's attempting to reduce his costs," she said.

An Australian project management firm has filed a lawsuit against Twitter in a US court seeking cumulative payments of about A$1m (£534,000) over alleged non-payment of bills for work done in four countries, court filings show.

In May, a former public relations firm filed a suit in a New York court saying Twitter had not paid its bills, while early this year US-based advisory firm Innisfree M&A Inc sued it, seeking about $1.9m (£1.4m) for what it said were unpaid bills after it advised Twitter on its acquisition by Mr Musk.

Since Mr Musk bought Twitter he has focused on reducing costs by laying off half the workforce and introducing the subscription service, which offers the sought-after "verified" badge for a monthly fee.

For a platform that requires engagement, limiting posts seems to go in the opposite direction. It is a "very extreme and unprecedented tactic" which is "already failing", said Dr Chowdhury.

Twitter saw advertisers flee amid worries about Mr Musk's approach to content moderation rules, affecting its revenue.

When Mr Musk spoke to the BBC in April, he said the company was now "roughly breaking even", claiming most of its advertisers were returning.

The limit on tweets saw some journalists, who use Twitter to find information for live reporting and verification of stories, confronted with the curbs.

Bel Trew, chief international correspondent for The Independent, tweeted that limits to how many tweets she could read on the platform had left her at a "complete loss" while reporting on Sunday.

And a reporter in the US city of Baltimore was left unable to view tweets from the local police department's Twitter account in the wake of a shooting that left two people killed and a further 28 injured.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Justin Fenton This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Those receiving "rate limit exceeded" notifications found these applied across all accounts - including to accounts which tweet real-time information about emergencies, weather hazards and natural disasters.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post 2 by Ben Goggin This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The BBC reached out to Twitter for clarification and received an automated message of a poo emoji.

MPs have voted to approve a report which found Boris Johnson deliberately misled MPs over parties at Downing Street during lockdown.

He would have faced a 90-day suspension if he were still an MP, but quit after seeing the findings in advance.

Nottingham's three MPs said the violence had "devastated" the city.

Nottingham residents woke up on Tuesday to discover their city had been transformed into a major crime scene.

During a series of violent attacks in the early hours, in which both a knife and van were used as weapons, three people were killed and another three were injured.

Two university students, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar, who were both 19, and school caretaker, Ian Coates, 65, were stabbed to death. A van was driven at three people waiting at a bus-stop. All three were taken to hospital, one is said to be in a critical condition.

A suspect has been arrested on suspicion of murder and detectives are working to uncover how and why the violence occurred.

The violence began at around 04:00 BST on Ilkeston Road just outside the city centre, where police investigations carried on throughout the day.

One of those killed in the first attack was Barnaby Webber, 19, a history student at the University of Nottingham.

Grace O'Malley-Kumar, 19, who was studying medicine, was killed alongside Mr Webber, reportedly as they walked home.

The third victim of the Nottingham attack was Ian Coates, a school caretaker at Huntington Academy in the city

Mr Coates was found dead at Magdala Road, an area which became another focus of police activity.

At around 05:30, three people were injured - one seriously - when a van was driven at them as they stood at a bus stop near the Theatre Royal.

Armed police officers were seen across the city throughout the day.

A forensic team was also seen inspecting a white van believed to have been used in the attack.

Several roads were closed throughout Tuesday, and forensic officers were seen gathering evidence from where the attacks unfolded.

Tributes were left on Magdala Road, where Ian Coates was found dead from knife injuries

Nottingham, including the more than 50,000 students who call the city home, is struggling to come to terms with the incident.

A church vigil was held for people to pay their respects to those killed and injured in the attack.

The death of two teenagers from the university has sent shockwaves through the city's younger population.

Nottingham Police, supported by counter-terror officers, are still trying to establish a motive for the attack.

Players, officials and fans attending the Rothesay Open 2023 at the Nottingham Tennis Centre on Wednesday stopped for a minute's silence in memory of the victims of the attacks.

Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady at the Met Gala in New York City in 2017

Model Gisele Bundchen has opened up on her divorce from NFL player Tom Brady, describing it as "the death of my dream".

The Brazilian supermodel and American football star split after 13 years of marriage last October.

"It's tough because you imagine your life was going to be a certain way, and you did everything you could, you know?" she told Vanity Fair magazine.

Bundchen also dismissed speculation about why the marriage had ended.

She described rumours that the breakup had happened after Brady returned to the NFL, despite previously announcing his retirement, as "very hurtful" and "the craziest thing" she had ever heard.

"What's been said is one piece of a much bigger puzzle. It's not so black and white," she told Vanity Fair.

"I have always cheered for him, and I would continue forever. If there's one person I want to be the happiest in the world, it's him, believe me. I want all his dreams to come true."

Brady, who won a record seven Super Bowl titles during his 23-season career, said last month he was retiring "for good".

The pair were married for 13 years before divorcing in October 2022

Brady, 45, and Bundchen, 42, started dating in 2006 and got married in early 2009. They have two children together, along with Brady's son with his ex-partner, actress Bridget Moynahan.

Bundchen also outlined how they had grown apart as a couple over time, beginning before Brady's retirement reversal to play one final football season last year.

"Sometimes you grow together; sometimes you grow apart," she said.

"When I was 26 years old and he was 29 years old, we met, we wanted a family, we wanted things together.

"As time goes by, we realise that we just wanted different things, and now we have a choice to make. That doesn't mean you don't love the person."

Bundchen, one of the highest-paid models in the world since 2001, added that she had "no regrets" about her life with Brady.

Announcing the separation in October 2022, Brady said the decision was "painful and difficult".

"However we only wish the best for each other as we pursue whatever new chapters in our lives that are yet to be written," he said.

Last updated on .From the section Fencing

Ukrainian fencer Olga Kharlan has been handed a spot in the Olympics and had her World Championships ban lifted following her refusal to shake hands with Russian Anna Smirnova.

She was disqualified after offering her sabre to tap blades instead of shaking hands following her 15-7 win in Milan.

International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach wrote a letter to Kharlan saying the body would "allocate an additional quota place" to her if she could not qualify because of her "unique situation".

Meanwhile, the International Fencing Federation reinstated Kharlan at the championships, which will allow her to take part in the team competition.

Before the two announcements, Kharlan said: "Today is kind of better because of all the support that I have.

"Rules must be changed. For Ukrainians, during this war we just can't do handshakes, and you have to change, and you have to have some respect for us.

"When I have a choice... where I shake hands I will never shake hands with her. I'm sorry but there is something bigger than Olympic Games or license or fencing and finally I understood that, there is something more. The support for the Ukrainian people, it's incredible."

Before the IOC's decision, the president of Russia's Olympic Committee said the body had "picked a side" in the Russia-Ukraine dispute.

That was because the IOC had responded to Kharlan's initial suspension by encouraging sports federations to handle Ukrainian athletes with sensitivity.

But Stanislav Pozdnyakov said the IOC advice "clearly showed duplicity".

"The statement in question indicates that the IOC determined for itself and picked a side in the political conflict, [and] began to act in the interests of this side," he said on Telegram.

After Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the IOC imposed sporting sanctions on Russia and its ally Belarus but earlier this year recommended that Russian and Belarusian athletes could compete as individuals under a neutral flag and with no anthem.

Kharlan became the first fencer to face a Russian or Belarusian since the invasion.

After the snub, Smirnova staged a 45-minute sit-down protest, resulting in Kharlan, a four-time individual world champion and four-time Olympic medallist, being shown a black card.

That ruled her out of the women's sabre individual event and it appeared she would miss the team competition as well before the federation lifted her suspension.
• None Watch: Svitolina gets emotional speaking about Ukraine in news conference

She was competing at the World Championships after the Ukraine sports ministry reversed its decision not to allow Ukrainian athletes to compete in qualifying events for the 2024 Olympics if Russians are taking part.

"We are glad that they will be given this opportunity, and at the same time we are aware of the difficult inner conflicts they may have, given the aggression against their country," the IOC said in a statement it reiterated after Pozdnyakov's comments.

"Therefore, we encourage international federations to handle situations involving Ukrainian and individual neutral athletes with the necessary degree of sensitivity.

"We continue to stand in full solidarity with the Ukrainian athletes and the Olympic community of Ukraine."

Kharlan, 32, followed the example of Ukrainian tennis players such as Elina Svitolina by not shaking hands with Russian or Belarusian opponents, but International Fencing Federation (FIE) rules state that fencers must shake hands.

She claimed that FIE president Emmanuel Katsiadakis had assured her that it was "possible" not to shake hands and offer a touch of her blade instead.

"I thought I had his word, to be safe, but apparently, no," Kharlan added.

About 170 people were relocated from the western French town of La Laigne after an earthquake on Friday evening.

The quake, believed to have been between magnitude 5.2 and 5.8 was felt from Rennes in the north-west to Bordeaux in the south-west.

Homes, schools and churches were damaged, with hundreds of buildings declared uninhabitable.

Earthquakes above magnitude five are unusual in France, with the last affecting the country in November 2019.

Two people were injured in Deux-Sevres following Friday's tremor.

The Charente-Maritime region just north of Bordeaux was particularly affected.

In La Laigne, the local fire service chief Didier Marcaillou warned the church had become "completely unusable" and a top government regional official said that most of the houses in the town centre were affected.

"The school will have to be closed as a precaution," Nicolas Basselier said.

One woman cried as she told local station BFMTV that she had could no longer live in her home. "I wouldn't wish this on anyone," the woman, named Christine said. "In my son's room you can fit your entire hand through the crack in the wall."

Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne described the earthquake as "unusual" and expressed her solidarity with those "who may have been worried".

"We will obviously ensure that everyone has access to rehousing," Ms Borne said.

Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said the government would initiate an accelerated natural disaster recognition procedure to help quickly assess the structural damage to buildings.

The MoD abandoned an effort to enforce restrictions on mentioning the SAS in an inquiry into the operations

The Ministry of Defence has confirmed for the first time that UK Special Forces are at the centre of a war crimes inquiry.

The MoD on Wednesday abandoned an effort to restrict any mention of Special Forces' involvement in alleged war crimes in Afghanistan.

The MoD's stance had been challenged by bereaved family members and by several media outlets, including the BBC.

The inquiry follows years of reporting into alleged SAS unlawful killings.

In a statement ahead of a hearing of the Independent Inquiry relating to Afghanistan, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: "The inquiry is now reaching the stage of substantive hearings, and I can confirm that the allegations relate to the conduct of UK Special Forces."

The decision to confirm the involvement of Special Forces units in operations under scrutiny from the inquiry reverses the position previously held by the MoD.

Mr Wallace said the confirmation of Special Forces involvement was made only "in the exceptional circumstances of this inquiry".

"Outside of this very specific context, such confirmation should not be seen to alter the longstanding position of this government, and previous governments, to not comment on the deployment or activities of the UK Special Forces," he said.

The MoD had previously argued that the inquiry should restrict from the public "any evidence or documents or words or passages of documents, that tend to confirm or deny the alleged involvement of United Kingdom Special Forces in the operations that are to be investigated".

But on Monday, less than 48 hours before they were due to argue their case in front of the chair of the inquiry, Lord Justice Haddon-Cave, MoD lawyers wrote to the inquiry saying the ministry "proposed to abandon that part of their application".

The reversal, confirmed at the hearing on Wednesday, means that evidence of involvement of UK Special Forces in the alleged unlawful killings in Afghanistan can be discussed openly in the inquiry hearings and reported publicly.

A long-running investigation by the BBC uncovered evidence clearly indicating that one SAS unit operating in Afghanistan in 2010 and 2011 killed 54 people in suspicious circumstances in one six-month tour.

Further reporting by the BBC uncovered specific cases that caused concern at the highest level of UK Special Forces, including a 2012 raid in which a different unit killed two parents and gravely wounded their two infant boys.

The MoD is still pursuing a request for all Special Forces personnel involved in the operations in Afghanistan to automatically be granted anonymity, and for all witness evidence about the operations themselves to be held in closed hearings, away from both the bereaved families and the public.

The MoD's lawyer, Brian Altman KC, also said that the ministry intended to keep in place its "neither confirm nor deny" policy in relation to naming specific UK Special Forces units or sub-units, arguing that the identification of "particular force elements" would pose a risk to future capabilities and operations.

Lawyers for the families of Afghans killed in seven separate Special Forces operations argue that the overall restrictions being sought by the MoD are "unjustifiable and seriously damaging to the credibility of the inquiry".

Tessa Gregory, a partner at Leigh Day, the law firm representing the families, said that the relatives had suffered "years of cover up and obfuscation" and remained concerned even as the inquiry began that the MoD was "seeking to shut the door on them and prevent evidence being heard in public".

"The bereaved families now put their trust in the inquiry to uncover the truth," Ms Gregory said.

Speaking at the opening of the hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice in London, Lord Justice Haddon Cave said that, in line with the 2005 Inquiries Act, "as much as possible should be heard in public to allay public concerns about the subject matter of the inquiry".

But the chair acknowledged that some evidence would need to be heard in closed hearings, because of national security concerns. "The essential task is to balance the competing considerations in the public interest," he said.

A spokesman for the MoD said: "It is not appropriate for the MoD to comment on cases which are within the scope of the Statutory Inquiry and it is up to the Statutory Inquiry Team, led by Lord Justice Haddon-Cave, to determine which allegations are investigated."

A lawyer for the Royal Military Police, Paul Greaney KC, told the inquiry on Wednesday that it was currently investigating allegations of unlawful killings in Afghanistan and had received evidence from informants on a confidential basis.

Stressing the importance of continuing its investigations without prejudicing potential prosecutions, and avoiding discouraging new informants coming forward, the RMP said it was seeking its own restrictions around three key areas: matters relating to its ongoing investigations; the identities of confidential informants; and the covert techniques and methods employed by the RMP so far in its investigations.

Do you have information about this story that you want to share?

Get in touch using SecureDrop, a highly anonymous and secure way of whistleblowing to the BBC which uses the TOR network.

Or by using the Signal messaging app, an end-to-end encrypted message service designed to protect your data.

Please note that the SecureDrop link will only work in a Tor browser. For information on keeping secure and anonymous, here's some advice on how to use SecureDrop.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

The new law brought Northern Ireland into line with others parts of the UK where anti-stalking laws were already in place

A victim of stalking has said people in similar circumstances still face many hurdles, despite a law criminalising the offence in Northern Ireland.

It was introduced a year ago and police said more than 80 alleged stalkers have been arrested since.

The legislation brought Northern Ireland in line with other parts of the UK.

The victim told BBC News NI the law might have helped her, but there were still barriers.

"People don't always have much sympathy if you haven't been punched or kicked," she said.

Speaking anonymously, she described stalkers as professional manipulators.

"I live in hope that there is a solution for stalking, maybe more education, but I don't really know what the solution is," she said.

"Even with this new law there are still so many hurdles for victims."

Police have arrested 88 alleged stalkers and charged 47 people since the law was introduced.

Under the new legislation, convictions for the most serious offences carry a penalty of up to 10 years in prison.

"You feel completely and utterly alone, it's a mental battle," the victim said.

"I was so tired from lying awake at night, afraid to close my eyes in case my phone rang again or the doorbell went.

"Sometimes you question yourself - is this all in my head?"

Another victim described how her stalker took away her feelings of freedom.

"[I was] living with looking over my shoulder, at times fearing for my life," she said.

"On one occasion I had 155 WhatsApp messages in a few hours and was also receiving messages on two other platforms at the same time."

On another occasion the stalker started playing music through the victim's speaker in her home, despite him being 15 miles away.

Det Supt Lindsay Fisher said police were asking the public not to ignore the "red flags", adding that stalking is not just someone "lurking in the shadows".

"If someone's behaviour towards you is fixated, obsessive, unwanted and repeated, this is stalking," she said.

"Stalking can actually take many forms and can be online as well as in person and could be someone known to you or a complete stranger."

Det Supt Fisher said stalking often results in fear, trauma and, in some tragic cases, murder

Det Supt Fisher described it as "an insidious crime that takes over and destroys lives."

She said statistics showed people suffered up to 100 incidents before reporting stalking - and it could be someone the victim knows or a complete stranger.

"It often results in fear, trauma and a reduction in the victim's quality of life, in some tragic cases it has resulted in murder," she said.

"Over 4,500 officers and staff have now been trained to recognise and respond to these crimes and we will continue to use every tool at our disposal to bring offenders to justice."

Foyle Women's Aid and Family Justice Centre chief executive Marie Brown said she has first-hand experience of stalking and that people should not suffer in silence.

"I myself as a staff member here have been stalked by somebody because of the work we do and because of the help we were giving in a certain case," she told The North West Today.

"It was very frightening and very intimidating because it was somebody following me around and stepping in when I was having coffee with a friend and saying I need to stop.

"There was a whole range of things and it wasn't pleasant."

Ms Brown said that people affected by stalking in Northern Ireland should report it in the first instance to the police and that agencies like Women's Aid are also there to help.

"Please come forward to us if you need help, we will help you, the legislation is there to protect you and please don't suffer in silence," she said.

Sarah Mason, chief executive of Women's Aid Federation NI, campaigned for the introduction of the legislation.

"We are very clear of the direct links between domestic abuse and stalking, often making leaving a coercively controlling relationship very difficult," she said.

"Many of the women we support would often experience stalking behaviours from their perpetrator as they try to break free from the abusive relationship."

Ms Mason said she expects to see more people prosecuted under the stalking legislation as it becomes more widely known to the public.
• None New law to help tackle stalking passes in NI

Historic England said the purpose of the markings on the wood is not known

A piece of decoratively carved wood found during a construction project has been declared the oldest in Britain.

The 6,000-year-old piece of oak, found in Boxford, Berkshire, is only the second wood carving to be found from the Mesolithic period.

It was discovered preserved in peat at the bottom of a trench.

The wood is being conserved by Historic England at Fort Cumberland, Portsmouth, and will eventually go on display at West Berkshire Museum in Newbury.

The timber was preserved in peat at the bottom of a trench that had been dug for foundations

Landowner Derek Fawcett has been working with Historic England and the Boxford History Project since finding the timber four years ago.

He said: "It was clearly very old and appeared well preserved in peat. After hosing it down, we saw that it had markings that appeared unnatural and possibly man-made."

The timber has been carbon dated to between 4640 BC and 4605 BC, making it around 2,000 years older than Stonehenge, and 500 years older than the only other known piece of carved Mesolithic timber, which was found near Maerdy in Rhondda Cynon Taf in 2012.

The large timber was carved 2,000 years before Stonehenge was built

Historic England chief executive Duncan Wilson said: "This exciting find has helped to shine new light on our distant past and we're grateful to the landowner for recognising its significance.

"Amazing discoveries like these remind us of the power of archaeology to uncover the hidden narratives that connect us to our roots."

The waterlogged carved oak is one metre long, 0.42 metres wide and 0.2 metres thick.

The wood is being conserved at Historic England's Fort Cumberland facility

It was found about 1.5 metres (5ft) below the surface not far from the present course of the River Lambourn in a layer of peat.

Mr Fawcett has donated the timber to the West Berkshire Museum in Newbury where it will eventually go on display.

The museum is also working with the Boxford History Project to arrange for the timber to go on loan to the Boxford village heritage centre.

:: Fort Cumberland's Gill Campbell talks to BBC Radio Berkshire's Andrew Peach about Britain's oldest wood carving. Listen to the full interview here on BBC Sounds.

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Romy Coppola Mars with her mother, Sofia, in 2020

Her mother is an Oscar-winning film-maker. Her grandfather shot one of the greatest movies, The Godfather.

Now, Romy Coppola Mars has joined the family dynasty - with a TikTok that has inadvertently made her a viral star.

In the clip, the 16-year-old daughter of Sofia Coppola and granddaughter of Francis Ford Coppola said she had been grounded for trying to charter a helicopter with her dad's credit card.

"The Coppola dynasty continues to produce greatness," joked one new fan.

The teenager seemingly did not intend to announce herself as the latest sensation in the family line, saying she was going against her parents' rule not to have a public social media account only because she was already grounded.

"They don't want me to be a nepotism kid," she told her followers. "But TikTok is not going to make me famous, so it doesn't really matter."

However, she was wrong about it not making her famous and her account was short-lived, apparently being deleted.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original tweet on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by savannah ~* This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

While the video may have disappeared from TikTok, it was captured before it did and has been viewed 10 million times on Twitter.

It begins with her in the kitchen inviting viewers to "make vodka pasta sauce with me because I'm grounded".

She then reveals she had been punished by her parents "because I tried to charter a helicopter from New York to Maryland on my dad's credit card because I wanted to have dinner with my camp friend".

Her father, Thomas Mars, is in French indie band Phoenix. At one point in the video, Romy holds up the Grammy Award he won in 2010.

Returning to the recipe, she says she does not know the difference between a garlic bulb and an onion, before making an innocent face and holding up a kitchen knife.

She then introduces her babysitter's boyfriend, explaining "my parents are never home, so these are my replacement parents".

One Twitter user wrote: "A perfect short film. We have a third generation of Coppola directors."

Another replied: "It has dramatic tension, excellent scene-setting, good evocative props that indicate emotions (onions = tears), shocking family revelations, slapstick comedy, great dialogue... you're right."

Another user added: "This is cinema… she'll be the greatest Coppola."

At the end of her video, Romy promises to return with "part two, where I actually make the pasta".

"Can't wait - it will be the best part two a Coppola will have ever made," another Twitter user joked - a reference to her grandfather's The Godfather Part II, which is regarded by some as better than the original film.

A representative for her mother, who won an Oscar for Lost in Translation and made The Virgin Suicides and The Beguiled, declined to comment.

The government is likely to miss its target to build 40 new hospitals by 2030, the spending watchdog has said.

The National Audit Office (NAO) said in a report that the project had been beset by delays. It also warned that cost-cutting and inaccurate modelling of future demand could mean new hospitals are too small.

The health department remained "firmly committed" to delivering the England building pledge, a spokesperson said.

The hospitals plan was a Conservative manifesto commitment during the December 2019 election campaign, and it was made policy the following year.

When the health department officially set out the plan in October 2020, eight hospital construction projects already under way were not included in the target. But recent government statements about building 40 new hospitals include these eight projects, referred to as "legacy hospitals".

And in May, the government changed the scope of the scheme to include hospitals in urgent need of repairs, including five judged to be at risk of collapse because of crumbling concrete infrastructure.

Now the National Audit Office has analysed the plans and found that, by the definition set out in 2020, the target will be missed, and only 32 will be built in time. The NAO said the government has used a "broad" definition of "new", which includes refurbishment of existing buildings as well as completely new hospitals.

The 32 that will be built in time include 24 from the original new hospitals programme, five that were added in May, and three new mental health hospitals.

It said a further eight do not count towards the original definition of "new" because they were already under way when the commitment was made.

Questions have been asked for some time about whether the programme is on track and it is significant that the watchdog has now ruled that, judged by the original template, it is not.

In May, a BBC News investigation found that building work had not started on 33 of the projects.

The NAO said staff shortages mean a planned design for a standardised hospital has been delayed until May 2024.

It also warned that a push to meet the target at the lowest possible cost - combined with optimistic forecasts about how much care will be outside hospitals in the future - could result in new hospitals that are too small.

The government had failed to achieve good value for money, the NAO said, as it called for a review of the underlying assumptions behind the plans to make sure the new hospitals are fit for purpose.

Health Secretary Steve Barclay had already told MPs in May that some of the original group included in the new hospitals programme might not be completed by 2030.

He made the admission as he updated the department's building plans to deal with hospitals built with a lightweight concrete that was used in the 1980s and is now judged to be unsafe.

But he restated the commitment to deliver 40 new hospitals by the end of the decade.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The PM says delivering 40 new hospitals is "one of the many things" the government is doing for the health service.

The Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has also said the target will be met.

He described the plans to build the hospitals as one of the "many things we're doing" to improve healthcare, citing "community diagnostics in local communities" and the workforce plan as "all ways we're backing the NHS" and "cutting waiting lists".

Gareth Davies, head of the NAO, said the programme included "innovative plans" to improve efficiency and quality. But there are important lessons to ensure future major projects were affordable, transparent and delivered on time, he said.

Sir Julian Hartley, chief executive of NHS Providers, urged the government to "shift gears" to get the hospitals built and warned that costs had "spiralled due to high inflation".

He said many NHS trusts were "deeply disappointed" by delays and said the government "could have better managed expectations about the funding available, given the uncertainty involved and the impact of inflation".

NHS leaders have warned some buildings desperately need to be upgraded

Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper said the "utterly damning report demolishes the government's claims to be building 40 'new hospitals'".

She called on the health secretary to make an urgent statement in Parliament addressing its findings, saying "the public deserves answers".

Labour's shadow health secretary Wes Streeting said: "The Conservatives have overpromised, under-delivered, and they've been found out.

"Meanwhile patients are being treated in outdated, crumbling hospitals."

A health department spokesperson said: "The NAO's report acknowledges that despite changes to the original programme, 40 new hospitals are still expected to be delivered by 2030 and praises the programme's innovative plans to standardise hospital construction, deliver efficiencies and improve quality.

"We remain firmly committed to delivering these hospitals, which are now expected to be backed by over £20 billion of investment, helping to cut waiting lists so people can get the treatment they need quicker.

"Three new hospitals have already opened and more will open this year so patients and staff can benefit from major new hospital buildings, equipped with the latest technology."

Moscow says it downed two drones that were targeting the Kremlin last night, accusing Ukraine of attempting to kill President Vladimir Putin.

One video circulating on Russian social media appears to show an object flying and exploding above the dome of the Senate Palace. Another shows a cloud of smoke rising over the Kremlin. These have not been verified by the BBC.

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Former Manchester City defender Benjamin Mendy has signed for Ligue 1 side Lorient five days after being cleared of rape.

The left-back, 29, whose City contract expired in the summer, has signed a two-year deal with the French club.

He was cleared at Chester Crown Court on Friday of raping a woman and attempting to rape another.

That followed a trial in January when Mendy was cleared of six counts of rape and one of sexual assault.

Mendy became the world's most expensive defender when City paid Monaco £52m to sign the France defender in 2017.

City's director of football Txiki Begiristain described him as "one of the world's best full-backs" when the highly rated defender joined the club.

He won the Premier League in his first season with City before being part of the France squad that claimed the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
• None Mendy 'will never return to former life'

However, he last played competitive football in August 2021, appearing for City at Tottenham Hotspur.

Mendy was arrested later that month and remanded in custody for five months before going to trial for the first time last August.

Jurors failed to reach verdicts on two counts of rape and attempted rape, prompting the re-trial at which he was acquitted last week.

The portrait painted of him during the case led to his own legal team, led by Eleanor Laws KC, to state that "life, as he knew it, is over, in football in the UK".

After he was acquitted, several high-profile players including Netherlands forward Memphis Depay and Real Madrid forward Vinicius Jr showed their support for Mendy on social media.

Lorient, who finished 10th in Ligue 1 last season, announced Mendy's return to French football in a statement: "Benjamin Mendy, world champion 2018, quadruple winner of the Premier League under the colours of Manchester City and French champion of Ligue 1 with Monaco, comes to reinforce the Lorient workforce for this new season. Welcome Benjamin."

The French club play at Bournemouth in a pre-season friendly on 5 August and will begin their league campaign at champions Paris St-Germain on 13 August.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Explained: Why has Scotland’s new hate crime law proved controversial?

Scotland's new hate crime law has come into force, with JK Rowling and Elon Musk among its critics.

The Harry Potter author and the owner of social media platform X both claim the legislation could harm free speech.

Senior police officers say they expect a flood of complaints about online posts.

But the Scottish government insists the law provides protection from hate and prejudice without stifling individual expression.

"I think there has been a lot of misinformation," about the legislation, said the Victims and Community Safety Minister Siobhian Brown, before going on to claim, inaccurately, that it was "passed unanimously" by MSPs in 2021.

In fact the law was approved by 82 votes to 32 with four abstentions after heated debate about its contents.

The Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act 2021 creates a new crime of "stirring up hatred" relating to age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity or being intersex.

The maximum penalty is a prison sentence of seven years.

A person commits an offence if they communicate material, or behave in a manner, "that a reasonable person would consider to be threatening or abusive," with the intention of stirring up hatred based on the protected characteristics.

Stirring up hatred based on race, colour, nationality or ethnicity was already illegal in Great Britain under the Public Order Act 1986 but, in an attempt to streamline the criminal law in Scotland, that too is now part of the Hate Crime Act.

The bar for this offence is lower than for the other protected characteristics, as it also includes "insulting" behaviour, and as the prosecution need only prove that stirring up hatred was "likely" rather than "intended".

In England and Wales stirring up hatred over race, religion or sexual orientation by threatening behaviour remains illegal.

The hate crime law in Scotland includes more protected characteristics.

Supporters of the new law point out that it contains safeguards designed to protect freedom of speech.

For example, it states that it is a defence for a person charged with stirring up hatred to show that their actions were "reasonable."

It also references the right to freedom of expression in Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which includes protection for "ideas that offend, shock or disturb."

To be convicted of a hate crime, "you have to be really threatening and really abusive, and there has to be reasonable assumption from others that that is the case," said Ms Brown.

As well as the offence of stirring up hatred, the Hate Crime Act also consolidates the existing law on crimes which are "aggravated by prejudice."

These are where an offender demonstrates malice or ill-will towards their victim based on a protected characteristic, which can be taken into account by a sheriff or judge with a longer sentence or a higher fine than would otherwise have been the case.

For example, if an assailant punched someone in the face while also making a hateful comment about their age, that might be assault aggravated by age-related hatred.

This is the first time that age has been included in the list of protected characteristics for aggravated offences, a move welcomed by some campaign groups.

"It's going to be a positive thing for the country," said Adam Stachura of the charity Age Scotland.

Others are less enthusiastic.

Former Conservative MSP Adam Tomkins voted against the bill

Adam Tomkins, professor of public law at Glasgow University, and a former Conservative MSP, voted against the bill because it could see someone convicted of stirring up hatred for a comment they make in private in their own home, not just in public, "and I just don't think that's where the criminal law belongs."

However, Professor Tomkins said he believed the law only posed a risk to free speech "if it's misunderstood," adding, "if it's properly understood, I think this is a fairly safe piece of legislation now."

Susan Smith of For Women Scotland, which campaigned against recent proposed changes to gender law, is not convinced.

Susan Smith fears those who are investigated under the new law will have their lives 'upended'

"The tests are quite woolly and we don't know how people are going to interpret this," she told BBC News.

"We do anticipate that there will be a lot of malicious complaints, a lot of rather trivial complaints and potentially people who are investigated will see their lives upended.

"I imagine there will be many complaints, for example, made against JK Rowling," she added.

Ms Rowling, a prominent critic of some transgender activism, described the law as "ludicrous" in a defiant post on X (formerly Twitter) last month.

Mr Musk has cited discussion about the legislation as an "example of why it is so important to preserve freedom of speech."

Vic Valentine of the charity Scottish Trans said the organisation supported the law because of the "serious impact that hate crime can have on LGBTI people."

Vic Valentine from Scottish Trans says the delay is frustrating

It would not, Vic added, criminalise behaviour which transgender people might simply find upsetting, offensive or even transphobic.

The SNP-led Scottish government has tried to soothe concerns.

Siobhian Brown described the act as "ambitious" while also insisting it would "not necessarily" criminalise anything that was not already criminal.

Asked whether "misgendering" someone or making a comment about their religion would be a crime the minister replied: "This will be up to Police Scotland. I wouldn't say misgendering if you say something on social media for example it would be up to Police Scotland to determine."

Ch Supt Rob Hay of the Association of Scottish Police Superintendents (ASPS), which represents senior officers, said there was the potential for a "huge uplift" in complaints about social media posts.

Ch Supt Rob Hay said the resourcing of police is a key concern

Mr Hay said his central concern was that Police Scotland "haven't been provided with any additional resources in terms of dealing with this piece of legislation."

Just last month the national force said it was no longer able to investigate every "low level" crime, including some cases of theft and criminal damage.

It has, however, pledged to investigate every hate crime complaint it receives.

BBC News understands that these will be assessed by a "dedicated team" within Police Scotland including "a number of hate crime advisers" to assist officers in determining what, if any, action to take.

At a recent meeting of the Scottish Police Authority board, Chief Constable Jo Farrell said her force would apply the act "in a measured way" under "close scrutiny."

Debate about the act has also resurrected a long-running row about how police forces throughout Britain record allegations of hate crimes where no charges are brought.

The Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser has been leading a campaign against the recording of what are termed "non-crime hate incidents" after he discovered that Police Scotland had recorded a comment he had made on social media as a hate incident, despite deciding that no crime had been committed.

More generally, the publicity about the new law, and the controversy surrounding it, has prompted warnings that it could lead to self-censorship.

Roddy Dunlop KC, dean of the Faculty of Advocates, said it could have a "chilling effect" on free speech.

And some feminist groups have raised concerns that the absence of sex as a protected characteristic in the legislation leaves women unprotected.

The Scottish government has promised to introduce a separate misogyny law "in due course" following a report by the barrister, Helena Kennedy KC.

Toys and flowers were left at the scene of the incident in 2021

A woman has been found guilty of murdering her eight-week old son and attempting to murder his two-year-old sister.

The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, accepted she stabbed the children on 27 July 2021 but denied the charges.

But jurors rejected her argument and found her guilty after more than five hours of deliberations.

The woman was convicted at Belfast Crown Court on Thursday.

She will receive an automatic life sentence, with the amount of time she has to serve before being considered for parole to be set at a later date.

The woman placed her head in her hands and sobbed "no, no, no" as the guilty verdict was read out.

The juror who read the verdict also broke down as she read it and had to sit down to compose herself.

When handing down the life sentence, Judge Donna McColgan said "this has been a very difficult and stressful case".

"I will be excusing the jury from jury service for the rest of their lives," she added.

"Counselling will also be made available to all jurors."

Over the last six weeks, Belfast Crown Court has heard harrowing evidence.

After the woman stabbed the children, she made five phone calls, including one to the children's father, telling him that their daughter was "lying slowly bleeding".

It was only after this call that she phoned 999, telling police: "I killed my kid for him."

The trial was held at Belfast Crown Court

During the trial, prosecuting counsel read a statement from the children's father to the court, as he was deemed too unwell to attend court as a witness.

He said on the evening of the stabbings, he was in England and had missed a call from his then partner as he was sleeping.

He returned her call and she told him she had killed the baby, that the baby's sister was slowly bleeding and that she was going to kill herself.

He then phoned the police.

During the trial, the jury was shown harrowing footage from the body cameras of police officers who responded to a 999 call made by the defendant.

The videos showed the woman sitting on her living room floor in handcuffs and bleeding from a self-inflicted wound to her neck.

The footage also captured a police officer attempting to drive the injured girl to hospital in a PSNI car before handing her over to paramedics.

Both youngsters were taken to the emergency department at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children and were treated as they lay side-by-side.

Whilst the young girl was successfully treated for a stab wound to her chest, her baby brother was later pronounced dead.

Following her arrest, the defendant made the case that she stabbed her children and then turned the knife on herself as she wanted them all to die together.

The court heard that during subsequent police interviews, she made references to her partner's use of drink and drugs, and also claimed that he beat and sexually abused her.

When asked by a detective what she was thinking at the time, she said: "I wanted to kill all three, all of us so that [their father], could have a happy life together with his new woman.

"This was the only solution that came to my mind."

The woman also spent four days in the witness box at Belfast Crown Court where she was questioned about the events of 27 July 2021 - and where she denied stabbing her children out of spite and malice towards their father.

Sobbing as she gave evidence, the defendant claimed she tried to resuscitate her baby son after stabbing him in the chest and also told the jury that after attacking her daughter, she then tried to keep her alive by holding her to her chest.

She said she did not know what "was going on in my mind at that time" and told the court she could not forgive herself and wished she could "turn back time".

The defendant sobbed as she was taken from the dock and back into custody.

Greggs plans to open around 150 new bakeries in 2023 as part of major plans to expand.

The firm, which opened its first shop in Newcastle in 1951, also plans to extend the opening hours of some outlets and test 24-hour drive-thrus.

It comes after the chain posted bumper profits for 2022, despite cost of living pressures hitting consumers.

The bakery chain has put up its prices several times in the last few years blaming rising costs.

Under the new plans Greggs, which currently has around 2,300 shops, aims to open more branches in airports, train stations, supermarkets and shopping centres.

It also said it hoped to grow its total number of bakeries to over 3,000 in the coming years.

The chain - which made profits of £148.3m last year - put its growth down to the "value" it was offering customers impacted by the rising cost of living.

Inflation - the rate at which prices rise - is near a 40-year-high, forcing many consumers to cut back their spending or find way ways to cut costs.

However, the cost of ingredients for Gregg's pasties and pies has been going up, along with its energy bills and staff wages.

As a result, the chain's prices rose in 2022 and 2023. In January it increased the price of a sausage roll from £1.15 to £1.20 - the fourth price rise since 2021 when the snack cost £1.

As well as opening 150 new shops, Greggs said it would refurbish another 150 and relocate 40 of its shops to larger sites.

Last year, the opening hours of 500 shops were extended until 20:00 or later and in 2023, Greggs said it planned to extend hours in 300 shops to 21:00.

Greggs was first founded by John Gregg in the late 1930s when he began delivering yeast, eggs and confectionery on his bicycle to homes around mining terraces in Newcastle.

The company then opened its first shop on Gosforth High Street in 1951 and the firm has gone onto to become a well-known brand.

Russ Mould, investment director at AJ Bell, said the firm's value proposition put it in a good place in the current climate.

"With the best will in the world and even when household budgets are under real pressure sometimes people are just too busy to make sandwiches. There is always going to be a place for food-on-the-go venues and Greggs' offering is perfectly pitched in the current environment," he added.

However, Mr Mould warned Greggs needed to be "careful ambition does not tip over into hubris" and questioned how popular the brand might be when "people have a bit more money in their pocket".

Greggs is not alone in its expansion plans, with Starbucks announcing on Monday plans to open 100 new stores across the UK this year.

Only last year Starbucks was reportedly looking to sell its UK operations after sales were hit hard during the pandemic.

TikTok could face a £27m fine for failing to protect children's privacy when they're using the platform.

The UK's Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) found the video-sharing platform may have processed the data of under-13s without appropriate consent.

The watchdog said the breach happened over more than two years - until July 2020 - but that it had not yet drawn final conclusions.

TikTok says it disputes the findings, noting that they are "provisional".

The ICO has issued TikTok Inc and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited with a "notice of intent" - a legal document which precedes a potential fine.

The notice sets out the ICO's provisional view that TikTok breached UK data protection law between May 2018 and July 2020.

The ICO investigation found the social platform may have:

According to Ofcom, 44% of eight to 12-year-olds in the UK use TikTok, despite its policies forbidding under-13s on the platform.

Information Commissioner John Edwards said: "We all want children to be able to learn and experience the digital world, but with proper data privacy protections.

"Companies providing digital services have a legal duty to put those protections in place, but our provisional view is that TikTok fell short of meeting that requirement."

TikTok has rolled out a number of features to strengthen the privacy and safety on the site - including allowing parents to link their accounts to their children's, and disabling direct messaging for under-16s.

But Mr Edwards continued: "I've been clear that our work to better protect children online involves working with organisations, but will also involve enforcement action where necessary.

"In addition to this, we are currently looking into how over 50 different online services are conforming with the Children's Code, and have six ongoing investigations looking into companies providing digital services who haven't, in our initial view, taken their responsibilities around child safety seriously enough."

Rolled out in September last year, the Children's Code put in place new data protection codes of practice for online services likely to be accessed by children, built on existing data protection laws, with financial penalties a possibility for serious breaches.

The ICO said its findings in the notice were provisional, with no conclusion to be drawn at this stage that there had been any breach of data protection law.

It added: "We will carefully consider any representations from TikTok before taking a final decision."

A TikTok spokesperson said: "This notice of intent, covering the period May 2018-July 2020, is provisional and as the ICO itself has stated, no final conclusions can be drawn at this time.

"While we respect the ICO's role in safeguarding privacy in the UK, we disagree with the preliminary views expressed and intend to formally respond to the ICO in due course."

In 2019, the firm was given a record $5.7m fine by the Federal Trade Commission, for mishandling children's data.

It has also been fined in South Korea for similar reasons.

In July, the US Senate Commerce Committee voted to approve a measure that would raise the age that children were given special online privacy protections to 16, and prohibit targeted advertising to children without consent.

All cars parked in the Duke Street car park appeared to have been ticketed

A commuter said she was stunned after returning to her vehicle to discover a car park full of vehicles had been ticketed following a council mistake.

The vehicles were parked at the Duke Street car park in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, on Monday.

It is understood Buckinghamshire Council put up a small sign stating it was closed for "relining".

The council has now said the tickets should not have been issued and it would cancel the enforcement notices.

Heleen Jalvingh, who lives in the town, said she had arrived at the car park at 07:00 BST and paid for her car park ticket via an app.

She said she parked next to a row of other cars already parked there and looked at the "big car park signs out of a habit, but no notices to be seen".

The 48-year-old said she was later shown a picture on Facebook of a sign, about the size of an A4 sheet of paper, "somewhere on the car park".

"But I have not seen this and the rest of the car park apparently didn't either, as we all returned to High Wycombe to find a yellow plastic envelope stuck on our windscreen," she said.

"This was obviously extremely disappointing, as we had done our duty by paying for the car park."

The Duke Street facility is one of several car parks near High Wycombe railway station

She said app-users should have been informed either via the app itself or with clearer signage at the entrance of the car park "as people do not necessarily go to the pay machines".

"To basically see all the cars with a fine does make me think that this has been a matter of poor communication by the council as apparently nobody realised that we were not allowed to park here," she added.

Ms Jalvingh said she had appealed the £70 fine, but Buckinghamshire Council said it would cancel all of them.

Steven Broadbent, the council's cabinet member for transport, said: "We want to apologise to the people who parked at Railway Place and Duke Street car parks in High Wycombe this week and who received parking tickets during a closure of the car park.

"Whilst we do enforce parking across the county these tickets should not have been issued and we will be reversing the parking tickets to everyone who received them.

"Only a small number of parking bays should have been closed to install the brand new EV charging bays rather than the whole car park and we did not give our customers enough notice of this action.

"We are sorry for any inconvenience and upset caused. Anyone who has been ticketed should take no further action as the notices will be cancelled, and anyone who has already paid the PCN charge will be refunded."

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or get in touch via WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Hollywood star Brad Pitt was seen strolling among the crowds on Thursday

Hollywood actor Brad Pitt, who has been cast as an F1 driver in a movie, will be seen racing at Silverstone during the British Grand Prix weekend.

Pitt is to be filmed racing an adapted Formula 2 machine between practice sessions on Friday.

British champion Lewis Hamilton is helping to produce the film featuring the American actor.

The 59-year-old Oscar-winner is playing the role of a veteran driver returning to the grid after a 30-year absence.

The plot line has raised eyebrows, given Pitt's age, but Hamilton said: "Brad looks like he's ageing backwards. He looks great for his age.

"I can't tell you how excited I am to have Brad Pitt in Formula 1. It's incredible."

F1 champion Lewis Hamilton is helping to produce the movie starring Brad Pitt called Apex

While Pitt will be alone on the track at Silverstone in a modified car prepared by Hamilton's Mercedes team, it is believed the assistance of computer generated imagery will make him look as though he is racing on this season's grid.

The film crew will also have a presence on the grid ahead of Sunday's race.

Apex has had its own "Pitt" stop built trackside for the movie

Hamilton has been involved in preparations for the movie, including trying to make it as authentic as possible - a criticism levelled at previous motorsport films.

He said: "It is massively exciting to know it is all coming together and we are starting to film this weekend.

"It's nerves because we have been working on it for so long and we want people to love it and [think that] we captured what the essence of the sport is all about."

Hamilton said he had spent time at a track in California with Pitt helping him to learn about race-driving.

Filming for Apex is due to continue throughout the remainder of the 2023 season.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ofwat has been accused of being "complacent" over the Thames Water affair, which has seen it lose its chief executive and face collapse over its massive debts.

The company is fighting for survival and has until early next year to stave off temporary nationalisation.

MP Sir Robert Goodwill said the regulator had questions to answer over whether it had "been asleep at the wheel" over the case.

Sir Robert, a Conservative MP who chairs the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, told the BBC the regulator had been "very complacent" over Thames Water.

The company is facing problems servicing its debts of £14bn, but Ofwat said earlier this week that shareholders were "reluctant" to invest and it expected the firm to request an increase in bills at the next price review.

But Sir Robert said Thames was heavily in debt and about 80% of its finances came from borrowing. "That means as interest rates have gone up, about half their debt is linked to inflation. They've had massive increases in the cost of that debt," he said.

However, he said the committee, which would also be questioning water companies on Wednesday, wanted to know where the debt came from.

Sir Robert believed the firm was taking money out in the form of debt payments, instead of dividends. "Our suspicion is that a lot of this debt is with these very funds that own the shares," he said.

The committee chairman said the MPs would want to know: "Have Ofwat been asleep at the wheel or have they just not had the powers to inquire into some of the finance structures?"

Ofwat's appearance on Wednesday will be the second appearance in as many weeks in front of politicians. Last week its chief executive David Black gave evidence to the Lords' business committee when he denied the watchdog had failed to regulate the industry well.

But he admitted there were "hard lessons to learn" and that he had been "angered" by excessive chief executive pay in the industry.

Thames Water is not the only water company in the spotlight. The management of Southern Water is also up for scrutiny.

"It does seem rather reckless," Sir Robert said. "Southern Water's credit rating has been downgraded yet again. The owners of these companies are having put to put money in yet again. My worry is the money that we're paying as water users will be going to service that debt, rather than what we want to see, which is paying to clean up our rivers and improve sewage treatment."

However, the chair of the select committee argued a return to nationalisation was not the answer: "I can remember when water investment was way back in the queue behind hospitals and education and to be fair, we have seen massive investment in improving our infrastructure.

"The general problem with pollution is when it rains. Many older houses have the water from their roofs going straight into the sewer, which massively overloads the system, and that's something that can be addressed with storm-water tanks. It can also be addressed by people putting in water bowsers or catching the grey water and using that to flush their toilets."

Thames Water, which is due to publish its annual results on Monday, said it would be making no comment.

In a statement to the BBC on Sunday Ofwat said: "Thames Water need to develop a robust and credible plan to turn around the business and transform its performance for customers and the environment. For a long time, we have been pushing them to improve their financial resilience, including to cut debt. We will continue to safeguard customers' interests as they do that."

The BBC has also approached Southern Water for comment.

A decision to quash a Department of Health policy on paying for care costs in nursing homes has been welcomed by the NI commissioner for older people.

The commissioner, Eddie Lynch, was reacting to a decision by High Court judge Mr Justice Scoffield.

The judge ruled the department failed to properly consider the impact on elderly people who could potentially lose life savings to meet health costs.

He said it had been responsible for a "plain dereliction in its duty".

The commissioner, Mr Lynch, took a judicial review on behalf of Robin McMinnis.

The 75-year-old, who is quadriplegic and has complex medical needs, has been paying for his care while living in a Belfast nursing home.

The Continuing Healthcare Policy relates to the assessment of whether a person's needs can be met in a hospital which will not cost anything or is social-care related which could incur costs.

The judicial review highlighted that the criteria and threshold for when a person should pay for their care is unclear and operates differently between each health trust.

Eddie Lynch said the High Court ruling was a win for older people

All older people with assets worth more than £23,250 have to pay for their social care.

A change to the policy, introduced in February 2021, uses a single criteria question where people are asked: "Can your care needs be met properly in any other setting other than a hospital?"

Those people who are placed in a nursing home have to pay, while others who say they cannot go to a nursing home instead have their care paid for while in hospital.

The judge ruled that Mr McMinnis was unfairly refused the funding and ordered the Belfast Trust to reconsider his application.

He said he also proposed "to quash the decision of the department to adopt the 2021 policy".

Mr McMinnis said it had been "a long journey for me personally over the past six years with many setbacks".

"It has been a matter of principle for me, knowing that many others have been disqualified or were unaware of the Continuing Healthcare Policy," he continued.

Reacting to the judgement, Mr Lynch said he was delighted for Mr McMinnis.

"This is also a win for the many older people who have contacted my office over the past number of years in relation to issues with continuing healthcare assessments, all of whom will now be entitled to receive the fair assessment they deserve," he said.

On Tuesday he told BBC's Good Morning Ulster the ruling shows the system "was not fit for purpose".

"The bottom line here was older people were being failed by the system," the commissioner said.

"Older people whose costs should have been picked up by the NHS were paying for their care.

"People were left high and dry, people who were entitled to this [financial] support because the system was not set up properly to give them a fair assessment."

He said this ruling "overturns and quashes a policy that was ageist".

Mr Lynch said now that the policy has been quashed, the onus is on the Department of Health to "come up with a policy that treats people fairly".

The department said it "will be considering the judgement, before deciding on next steps".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A fraudster who conned people out of more than £100m worldwide has been sentenced to 13 years in jail.

Tejay Fletcher, 35, founded and ran a complex banking scam called iSpoof, brought down last year in the UK's biggest fraud sting.

The website enabled criminals to appear as if they were calling from banks and tax offices in order to trick victims.

Fletcher, of Western Gateway in east London, pleaded guilty to four charges relating to fraud last month.

Judge Sally Cahill KC said it had been a "harrowing experience" for all of the victims.

As part of the scam, fraudsters using iSpoof were able to disguise phone calls so they appeared to be from a trusted organisation.

Then, posing as employees of those firms or bodies, they would call people at random and warn them of suspicious activity on their accounts.

Victims were encouraged to disclose security information and, through technology, the criminals might have accessed features such as one-time passcodes to clear people's accounts of money.

The fraudsters posed as staff from banks including Barclays, Santander, HSBC, Lloyds, Halifax, First Direct, NatWest, Nationwide and TSB.

The judge said the £100m of global losses was a conservative estimate and the figure could have been bigger.

In the UK alone, £43m was lost and one victim lost £3m. The average lost among the 4,785 people who reported being targeted to Action Fraud was £10,000.

The iSpoof website itself made about £3.2m in cryptocurrency Bitcoin, with the "lions share" ending up with Fletcher, according to prosecutor John Ojakovoh.

Fletcher, who has 18 previous convictions, made about £2m from the website and bought a £230,000 Lamborghini, two Range Rovers worth £110,000 and an £11,000 Rolex.

Tejay Fletcher was sentenced at Southwark Crown Court on Friday

He pleaded guilty last month to charges including making or supplying an article to use in fraud, encouraging or assisting the commission of an offence, possession of criminal property, and transferring criminal property, between 30 November 2020 and 8 November 2022.

He has been sentenced to 13 years and four months in prison.

Sentencing Fletcher, Judge Sally Cahill KC said he "didn't care" about those who had been defrauded, adding: "The late expression of remorse is regret for being caught rather than empathy for your victims.

"The evidence in my view shows very clearly you had a leading role and an active role in creating a sophisticated article for fraud, which generated a substantial profit for you."

What makes this case unusual is that the thousands who lost money through sophisticated scams were not direct victims of Fletcher and his junior partners - but they were all victims of fraud directly facilitated by the iSpoof website.

The prosecution described a business set up so that elements of detailed research and development on the one hand, and marketing on the other, encouraged criminals to cash in.

Fletcher bought a Lamborghini Urus with proceeds from the banking scam

Kate Anderson, deputy chief crown prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service, said the cost to many of the victims "has not just been financial".

"It has also had a huge emotional impact, causing extreme distress and devastation to those affected - many of whom had their life savings stolen from them," she said.

Describing the case as "complex and challenging", Ms Anderson thanked the Metropolitan Police for their help in securing the evidence.

The Met investigation involved 700 days of work and three detectives.

The force said that at its peak, iSpoof had 59,000 users, and at one point up to 20 people per minute were being targeted by callers using technology bought from the site.

Users of the website, which was created in December 2020, paid hundreds or thousands of pounds a month for its features, which were marketed on a channel on the encrypted messaging app Telegram called "iSpoof club".

Last year, the Met texted 70,000 people to warn them their details had been compromised and they had likely been defrauded.

Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said: "Closing down iSpoof has been the UK's biggest ever fraud operation and was a collective effort."

He said the force was proud to have taken down "criminals at the top of this fraudulent network", describing them as "heartless people".

Simon Baker KC, defending, said Fletcher was an "extremely bright young man" who has a young son, adding: "It is extremely unfortunate that intellect was not channelled into gainful activities.

"His guilty plea reflects his genuine regret and remorse for his actions and his sincere wish to apologise to those who have suffered as a result of the frauds perpetrated against them, as a result of the iSpoof website."

Commenting on how people can protect themselves against scams, cyber security analyst Jake Moore told BBC News: "The onus is on the public unfortunately.

"Do not instantly trust caller ID - the fact is, we can't believe everything we see. And never hand over sensitive information, especially from a cold call."

Have you been the victim of bank fraud? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Israeli security and emergency personnel inspect the car used in the attack in Tel Aviv Image caption: Israeli security and emergency personnel inspect the car used in the attack in Tel Aviv

A person who was at the scene of the car ramming attack in Tel Aviv today has been speaking about what they saw.

"I saw the grey pick-up pull up at peak speed and ram the bus stop, powerfully," Liron Bahash, a sports teacher who was on a lunch break, told Reuters news agency.

"In the first seconds you think it could have been a mistake by the driver.

"He exited through the window, not the door, like in a movie, with a knife in hand and started chasing civilians. Now you understand it's an attack. We ran for our lives."

Prof Zosia Miedzybrodzka first began to suspect the Orkney link 25 years ago

Genetic testing has begun on the Orkney island of Westray for a gene variant linked to a higher risk of breast cancer.

A landmark study found one in 100 people with Orcadian grandparents had a specific mutation of the BRCA1 gene.

Researchers found most of them could trace their ancestry to Westray, which has a population of just 600 people.

All adults on Westray who have grandparents from the island are being offered the test for the gene variant.

There are many other BRCA gene variants which can leave women at a higher risk of ovarian and breast cancer.

But the Orkney variant BRCA1 V1736A is believed to be the first time a geographic ancestral link has been made in the UK.

Gina Rendall, operations manager at the Westray development Trust, is one of the first taking part in the testing scheme.

She said: "It is hugely important that testing is rolled out, we're just a pinpoint in the whole thing.

"Knowledge is power in this case, it's giving you information for making a proper healthcare plan for the rest of your life.

"There are a lot of anxious folk out there, if we can be preventative on this, it is going to save money and save lives."

Gina Rendall will be one of the first to take part in the scheme

The Westray Development Trust is providing £15,000 towards the testing programme.

Ms Rendall added: "When the link to the variant was discovered the news had a deep impact on our small community.

"I'm really proud to be from Westray and of the Trust's pledge to support the pilot."

Earlier this year a team of geneticists visited Westray to tell the community about the gene and the plans to offer testing and support.

Identifying the variant was the result of 25 years of research by Zosia Miedzybrodzka, professor of genetics at Aberdeen University and director of the NHS North of Scotland Genetic Service.

Researchers believes the Orkney link arose from a single founder hundreds of years ago on the isle of Westray

Prof Miedzybrodzka said: "We highlighted that this gene alteration started some 400 years ago in Westray.

"It will not have come without a price. Some people will have found that scary, daunting, maybe a bit upsetting.

"What we are offering is for people to have a test and take control of their destiny by being able to take preventative healthcare measures."

Prof Miedzybrodzka says she wants testing to be successful so it can be rolled out to others in Orkney and the rest of Scotland.

BRCA genes are present in every person, both men and women, but when a fault occurs in one of them it can result in DNA damage and lead to cells becoming cancerous.

People with a genetic variant have a 50% chance of passing it on to their children.

Awareness of the faulty gene was raised a decade ago when Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie had a double mastectomy after discovering the BRCA1 variant.

The operation was said to reduce her chances of getting breast cancer from 87% to 5%.

However, the NHS advises that risk-reducing surgery is not the only option.

It also advises awareness of changes to breasts, annual breast screenings and MRI scans can help detect breast cancer, while lifestyle changes like healthy eating and exercise can "sometimes reduce risk".

There is currently no reliable screening test for ovarian cancer, it adds.

Israeli security and emergency personnel inspect the car used in the attack in Tel Aviv Image caption: Israeli security and emergency personnel inspect the car used in the attack in Tel Aviv

A person who was at the scene of the car ramming attack in Tel Aviv today has been speaking about what they saw.

"I saw the grey pick-up pull up at peak speed and ram the bus stop, powerfully," Liron Bahash, a sports teacher who was on a lunch break, told Reuters news agency.

"In the first seconds you think it could have been a mistake by the driver.

"He exited through the window, not the door, like in a movie, with a knife in hand and started chasing civilians. Now you understand it's an attack. We ran for our lives."

Leonardo DiCaprio is not accused of wrongdoing, and is attending court as a witness

Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio has testified in the trial of ex-Fugees rapper Pras Michel, who is accused of accepting money from a fugitive tycoon to influence US politicians.

Mr Michel, 50, allegedly received more than $100m (£80m) from Malaysian billionaire Jho Low.

He denies a slew of charges, including conspiracy and witness tampering.

Mr DiCaprio, 48, who is not accused of wrongdoing in the case, was asked to testify about his links to Mr Low.

Mr Low is alleged to have stolen billions from Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund in the 1MDB scheme, the biggest embezzlement case in history.

According to federal prosecutors, Mr Michel was being paid to bring "secret, illegal foreign influence to bear" on US politics.

Mr Michel is accused of making illegal contributions to Barack Obama's 2012 US presidential campaign, using an illegal network of third parties paid with foreign funds.

Prosecutors believe Mr Low also wanted to use Mr Michel to lobby Trump administration officials to abandon their investigation into Mr Low's alleged role in the 1MDB scheme.

Mr Michel and Mr Low are both facing charges in the case, but only Mr Michel is appearing in court. Mr Low is currently at large, and believed to be in China.

Prosecutors say the financier used his vast resources to curry favour with celebrities, including Mr DiCaprio and model Miranda Kerr.

Mr Low's parties also drew the likes of Alicia Keys, Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. Spears once jumped out of a cake to wish Mr Low a happy birthday.

In the Washington DC court on Monday, a soft-spoken, bearded Mr DiCaprio testified about his financial ties with Mr Low.

Mr DiCaprio - who described himself simply as "an actor" - told jurors he first met Mr Low at a party in Las Vegas in 2010.

In subsequent years, he attended "a multitude of lavish parties" on yachts and nightclubs at Mr Low's invitation, alongside other celebrities, actors and musicians.

On one occasion, Mr DiCaprio attended a New Year's Eve party in Australia with Mr Low, after which partygoers were flown to the US in an effort to celebrate New Year's twice.

The actor's 2013 film Wolf of Wall Street - about a notorious fraudster - was partially funded by a firm tied to Mr Low.

"I understood him to be a huge businessman with many connections," Mr DiCaprio said in court. "He was a prodigy in the business world and ultra-successful."

US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly more than once asked the actor to "keep his voice up" so he could be heard by the jury and court reporter.

Mr Michel looked at the actor and waved when Mr DiCaprio was asked to identify him in court.

Bloomberg previously reported that Mr Low was "especially generous" with Mr DiCaprio and donated a $3.2m work of art by Picasso to his charity, in addition to a $9.2m piece from Jean-Michel Basquiat.

Mr DiCaprio reportedly later turned those items and others received from Mr Low over to authorities.

On Monday, the actor said that Mr Low also actively participated in auctions held by Mr DiCaprio in St Tropez "to bring in funds" for his environmentally focused foundation.

Later in their relationship, Mr DiCaprio said the two men began discussing US politics, with Mr Low expressing an interest in making a "significant contribution" of between $20m and $30m to the Democratic party ahead of the 2012 presidential election.

"I basically said, 'wow, that's a lot of money'," Mr DiCaprio said. Authorities believe those funds were embezzled from 1MDB.

Mr DiCaprio did not accuse Mr Michel of wrongdoing in his testimony.

He said that he first met Mr Michel in the 1990s following a Fugees concert.

He added that Mr Michel might have also attended a Thanksgiving party at his home, although "memory does not serve" and he could not say for sure.

In 2019 Mr DiCaprio reportedly testified before a grand jury in Washington DC as part of the justice department's investigation into the 1MDB scheme.

Mr DiCaprio told jurors that he lost contact with Mr Low around 2015 after being informed that he was under investigation for his financial dealings.

The Oscar-winner may not be the only celebrity to testify in Pras Michel's trial.

During jury selection, attorneys named actors including Jim Carrey, Jamie Foxx and Mark Wahlberg as possible witnesses, in addition to director Martin Scorsese, according to CNN.

The sprawling case could also see testimony from former high-level US government officials and political insiders, including Donald Trump's former chief strategist Steve Bannon and Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York and previously a lawyer for Mr Trump.

Patients can expect severe disruption to services as senior hospital doctors in England prepare to strike for 48 hours, from 07:00 Thursday, over pay, NHS England warns.

Thousands of planned appointments are being postponed.

Consultants will stop seeing many patients and will not be around to supervise the work of junior doctors.

They will provide so-called Christmas Day cover, meaning emergency care and a small amount of routine work.

The walkout is over the government's "final offer" of a 6% rise - in line with pay-review body recommendations but far below what doctors, who say their pay has been eroded by inflation, want.

The longest junior-doctors' walkout so far - across five days - ended on Tuesday. Their strike had caused tens of thousands of postponed appointments, England's top doctor, Prof Sir Stephen Powis, said. And the consultants' walkout was expected to have an even bigger impact.

The back-to-back action had left NHS services with almost no time to recover, Sir Stephen said.

"This could undoubtedly be the most severe impact we have ever seen in the NHS as a result of industrial action, with routine care virtually at a standstill for 48 hours," he said.

"We are working closely with the British Medical Association [BMA] and the British Dental Association to ensure that emergency and urgent care is prioritised and patients remain safe - but in the eighth month of industrial action and with more than 600,000 appointments already affected, it's becoming even more challenging to get services back on track after each round of action."

On the strike days, people should use 999 in life-threatening emergencies and NHS 111 online for other health concerns. GP services and pharmacies can also be accessed in the normal way.

Those not told their appointments have been postponed should attend as normal.

Radiographers, who scan patients, plan to strike for 48 hours in some parts of England from 08:00 on 25 July.

Unlike junior doctors at the start of their dispute, consultants are not asking for full pay restoration in one go. Instead, they want the government to start giving pay rises that at least match inflation, currently just above 11%.

NHS consultants earn more than £126,000 a year, on average, including extra pay for additional hours and performance. They can also be paid extra for private work - but not all do it.

Their pay has fallen 27% since 2008, once the Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation is taken into account.

Once changes to tax and pension contributions are factored in, the shortfall is 35%, the BMA says.

But the government says it has acted on the BMA's request for pension reform, increasing the tax-free threshold on pensions contributions.

Consultants plan more industrial action, on 24 and 25 August, unless a pay deal is agreed.

Dr Vishal Sharma, who chairs the BMA consultants committee, said the strikes were "a last resort" and the union had "been left with no choice".

He said: "The responsibility for this industrial action lies squarely at the door of the government. It still does not need to go ahead.

"We are deeply disappointed that since our ballot result, in which 86% of consultants voted to strike, we have not had a single meeting with the secretary of state and that the prime minister has now apparently closed the door to negotiation, when negotiation is the only route out of this dispute.

"Patient safety is an absolute priority for consultants, which is why we gave six weeks' notice of these strike dates."

Clear processes were in place to help safeguard patient care during the strike, Dr Vishal Sharma added.

But the prime minister's official spokesman implored consultants "to be clear-eyed about the risk to patients".

"They should be in no doubt that this does have the capacity to cause patient harm" and "does nothing to help us collectively cut waiting times", he said.

The government says 6% is "very much in line" with private-sector rises.

The spokesman said: "These are highly paid individuals receiving a significant pay increase, so we would ask them again to think again.

"It is not too late to avoid the damage that this would do to patients and to the wider health service."

Alongside strikes, hospitals have faced other challenges to return to full capacity since the Covid-19 pandemic, including:

At the end of May, 7.47 million people were waiting to start routine hospital treatment - up from 7.42 million a month earlier and nearly three million more than before the pandemic - the highest number since the measure was introduced, in August 2007.

One in 20 has been waiting more than a year - although the NHS is close to eliminating waits of more than 18 months.

Are you a consultant with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if willing to speak to a BBC News journalist. You can also make contact in the following ways:

If you are reading this page but cannot see the form, visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or email HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Boris Johnson will give public evidence about whether he misled MPs over Partygate on 22 March, the Privileges Committee has confirmed.

The former prime minister will be questioned by the cross-party committee from 14:00 GMT in a televised session.

In an initial report published earlier this month it said Mr Johnson may have misled Parliament multiple times.

But Mr Johnson has rejected this and said he believes the process will "vindicate" him.

Reports of gatherings in government buildings during Covid lockdowns first emerged in late 2021.

On several occasions, Mr Johnson, who was then prime minister, told the Commons the rules had been followed.

He later admitted his original statements had since proved incorrect. However, he has insisted he believed them to be true at the time and has denied deliberately misleading Parliament.

An investigation by senior civil servant Sue Gray found widespread rule-breaking had taken place and a police inquiry led to 83 people, including Mr Johnson himself, being fined for attending events.

The Privileges Committee's initial report said it had seen evidence that "strongly suggests" Covid rule breaches would have been "obvious" to Mr Johnson.

It has already received written submissions from witnesses, as well as being provided with WhatsApp messages, documents and photos of gatherings.

Boris Johnson celebrates his birthday - for which he received a fine - in a photo released by the committee

The committee, which is chaired by Labour's Harriet Harman, is made up of four Conservative MPs, two Labour MPs and one SNP MP.

If Mr Johnson is found to have misled Parliament, the committee will recommend how he should be punished, with the House of Commons voting on this.

Potential punishments range from ordering him to apologise to suspension from the Commons. If he is suspended for more than 10 days, this could trigger a by-election in his constituency.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Firefighters in Nova Scotia are battling the largest wildfire in the Atlantic province's history.

Officials say the fire on the southern tip of the province has burned about 20,000 hectares, with flames reaching nearly 100m (328ft) in height.

Meanwhile, another fire that has forced the evacuation of thousands near Halifax, the largest city, continues to burn.

The wildfire smoke has travelled south, with air quality warnings in the US.

As of Thursday morning, Nova Scotia officials said the massive fire in Shelburne County in the south of the province is still burning. No fatalities or injuries have been reported, but abouy 50 homes have been destroyed as a result of the fire.

Dave Rockwood, a spokesperson with the Nova Scotia Department of Natural Resources, told reporters on Wednesday that the fire appears to be "very fast moving".

Mr Rockwood said firefighters have spotted flames as tall as 60 to 90m.

The fire is significantly larger than the average seen during an entire fire season in Nova Scotia, said Lucas Brehaut, a wildfire researcher with the Canadian Forest Service.

"Last year was quite high, at about just over 3,000 hectares burned," Mr Brehaut told the BBC. The Shelburne County fire, by comparison, is more than five times that size.

He added the high flames reported by firefighters are an indication of how strong and rapid the wildfire's spread has been.

More than 6,000 people have been evacuated from the region, the local Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) division said.

They are in addition to another 16,400 people who were evacuated from a suburban area nearby Halifax due to a smaller, 836-hectare wildfire that has been burning since Saturday and has destroyed around 200 homes and structures.

On Wednesday, Nova Scotia officials increased the fine for breaking the provincewide burn ban - a restriction on outdoor fires - to C$25,000 ($18,000; £14,800) - a massive jump from C$237.50.

Your device may not support this visualisation

Officials said that smaller fire is more than 50% contained as of Thursday morning, but are fearful the flames may spread due to hot weather in the forecast.

"We are still dealing with a very dangerous and volatile situation," said David Steeves, a spokesperson with the Department of Natural Resources, adding the temperature could climb above 30C (86F) later in the day.

Officials said rain is not forecast for the region until Friday, and that they remain unsure on when residents can return to their homes.

Canada's federal government also announced on Thursday that it will be sending more resources to help Nova Scotia battle the flames.

This includes military personnel, as well as additional firefighters to help relieve those who have been working on the ground for days.

More than 300 firefighters from the US and South Africa are heading to Canada in the coming days. Some will be sent to battle fires in Nova Scotia, while others will be sent to battle ongoing fires in Canada's western province of Alberta.

They will join firefighters from Australia and New Zealand who are already on the ground.

The massive fire in Shelburne County has destroyed around 50 homes and forced the evacuation of 5,000 residents

Nova Scotia is seeing an unusually active wildfire season this year, Mr Brehaut said. It is part of a wider trend in Canada where the fire season has had an earlier start than normal.

Officials say that the number of wildfires across the country is on par with the 10-year average, but the amount of land burned - around 2.7m hectares in total - is unprecedented.

The fires have had an impact as far as the US, where air quality warnings were issued in Rhode Island and Massachusetts on Wednesday.

Some people in Boston have reported smelling smoke outside, according to reports in local media, while photos have shown a hazy sky over New York City on Tuesday as a result of the fires.

Nova Scotia officials said it remains unclear how the two fires started. Provincial officals

Experts say that while wildfires can be sparked by direct human involvement, natural factors, like strikes of lightning, can also play a huge part.

The cycle of extreme and long-lasting heat caused by climate change draws more and more moisture out of the ground and vegetation, resulting in conditions ripe for wildfires.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Starmer: Tories arguing over Johnson list while people worry about cost of living

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has accused Rishi Sunak of being "too weak" to block Boris Johnson's honours list.

The former PM handed out awards to some of his closest aides from the Covid era in a list published last week.

"That means that those who threw a Downing Street party the night before the late Queen sat alone at her husband's funeral will now receive awards from the King," Sir Keir said.

Mr Sunak insisted he had acted "in line with established conventions".

And - in a jibe at Sir Keir's own title - he said: "I'd expect a knight like him to understand that."

The list of Mr Johnson's nominees included his former head of operations, Shelley Williams-Walker, who was reportedly the DJ at a Downing Street gathering on the eve of Prince Philip's funeral. She was made a dame.

Former director of communications Jack Doyle and press adviser Rosie Bate-Williams, who issued some of Mr Johnson's denials about Covid rule-breaking, were given CBEs.

Mr Johnson has accused Mr Sunak of blocking some of his other nominations, including a peerage for close ally Nadine Dorries, something firmly denied by Downing Street.

Mr Sunak said last week that he was not prepared to do what Mr Johnson wanted over peerages, adding: "If people don't like that, then tough."

At Prime Minister's Questions, Sir Keir - who was knighted in 2014 for his past role as director of public prosecutions - asked why "for all his tough talk" Mr Sunak had signed off on Mr Johnson's list.

He repeated his call for an immediate general election, accusing the Conservatives of getting their priorities wrong.

"All across the country, people are worried about their bills, the price of the weekly shop and the spiralling mortgage rates," said the Labour leader.

"So why has the Tory party spent this last week arguing over which of them gets a peerage?"

Mr Sunak denied interfering in Mr Johnson's nominations for honours, in line with what he said was a "long-held convention" that had been followed by prime ministers of both main parties.

"My predecessors may not have agreed with Labour's choices of Tom Watson or Shami Chakrabarti, but the same precedent stood then as it does now. And I'd expect a knight like him to understand that," said the prime minister.

Sir Keir responded: "Honours should be for public service not Tory cronies."

Rishi Sunak insists he did not interfere in the honours process

He accused the PM of ensuring "those who spent their time helping cover up Johnson's lawbreaking are rewarded by becoming lawmakers for the rest of their lives".

Mr Sunak asked why the Labour leader had put former MP Tom Watson, "who spread vicious conspiracy theories that were totally and utterly untrue", forward for a seat in the Lords.

He was referring to the now Lord Watson's previous support for fantasist Carl Beech, who wrongly accused several high-profile politicians and military officers of murder and child sex abuse in 2014.

Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle intervened to warn Mr Sunak about his comments.

"Can I just say to the prime minister, you shouldn't criticise other members," he told the PM.

"Also, you're not responsible for the other parties. You are the prime minister that is answering the questions - not asking the questions."

Lord Watson used his maiden speech in the Lords in December last year to apologise for his role in promoting false sex abuse claims.

Facial recognition firm Clearview has run nearly a million searches for US police, its founder has told the BBC.

CEO Hoan Ton-That also revealed Clearview now has 30bn images scraped from platforms such as Facebook, taken without users' permissions.

The company has been repeatedly fined millions of dollars in Europe and Australia for breaches of privacy.

Critics argue that the police's use of Clearview puts everyone into a "perpetual police line-up".

"Whenever they have a photo of a suspect, they will compare it to your face," says Matthew Guariglia from the Electronic Frontier Foundation says. "It's far too invasive."

The figure of a million searches comes from Clearview and has not been confirmed by police. But in a rare admission, Miami Police has confirmed to the BBC it uses this software for every type of crime.

Clearview's system allows a law enforcement customer to upload a photo of a face and find matches in a database of billions of images it has collected.

It then provides links to where matching images appear online. It is considered one of the most powerful and accurate facial recognition companies in the world.

Hoan Ton-That, founder and CEO of Clearview AI, speaking with the BBC

The company is banned from selling its services to most US companies, after the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) took Clearview AI to court in Illinois for breaking privacy law.

But there is an exemption for police, and Mr Ton-That says his software is used by hundreds of police forces across the US.

Police in the US do not routinely reveal whether they use the software, and it is banned in several US cities including Portland, San Francisco and Seattle.

The use of facial recognition by the police is often sold to the public as only being used for serious or violent crimes.

In a rare interview with law enforcement about the effectiveness of Clearview, Miami Police said they used the software for every type of crime, from murders to shoplifting.

Assistant Chief of Police Armando Aguilar said his team used the system about 450 times a year, and that it had helped solve several murders.

However, critics say there are almost no laws around the use of facial recognition by police.

Mr Aguilar says Miami police treats facial recognition like a tip. "We don't make an arrest because an algorithm tells us to," he says. "We either put that name in a photographic line-up or we go about solving the case through traditional means."

There are a handful of documented cases of mistaken identity using facial recognition by the police. However, the lack of data and transparency around police use means the true figure is likely far higher.

Mr Ton-That says he is not aware of any cases of mistaken identity using Clearview. He accepts police have made wrongful arrests using facial recognition technology, but attributes those to "poor policing".

Clearview often points to research that shows it has a near 100% accuracy rate. But these figures are often based on mugshots.

In reality, the accuracy of Clearview depends on the quality of the image that is fed into it - something Mr Ton-That accepts.

Civil rights campaigners want police forces that use Clearview to openly say when it is used - and for its accuracy to be openly tested in court. They want the algorithm scrutinised by independent experts, and are sceptical of the company's claims.

Kaitlin Jackson is a criminal defence lawyer based in New York who campaigns against the police's use of facial recognition.

"I think the truth is that the idea that this is incredibly accurate is wishful thinking," she says. "There is no way to know that when you're using images in the wild like screengrabs from CCTV."

However, Mr Ton-That told the BBC he does not want to testify in court to its accuracy.

"We don't really want to be in court testifying about the accuracy of the algorithm… because the investigators, they're using other methods to also verify it," he says.

Mr Ton-That says he has recently given Clearview's system to defence lawyers in specific cases. He believes that both prosecutors and defenders should have the same access to the technology.

Last year, Andrew Conlyn from Fort Myers, Florida, had charges against him dropped after Clearview was used to find a crucial witness.

Mr Conlyn was the passenger in a friend's car in March 2017 when it crashed into palm trees at high speed.

The driver was ejected from the car and killed. A passer-by pulled Mr Conlyn from the wreckage, but left without making a statement.

Although Mr Conlyn said he was the passenger, police suspected he had been driving and he he was charged with vehicular homicide.

His lawyers had an image of the passer-by from police body cam footage. Just before his trial, Mr Ton-That allowed Clearview to be used in the case.

"This AI popped him up in like, three to five seconds," Mr Conlyn's defence lawyer, Christopher O'Brien, told the BBC. "It was phenomenal."

The witness, Vince Ramirez, made a statement that he had taken Mr Conlyn out of the passenger's seat. Shortly after, the charges were dropped.

But even though there have been cases where Clearview is proven to have worked, some believe it comes at too high a price.

"Clearview is a private company that is making face prints of people based on their photos online without their consent," says Mr Guariglia.

"It's a huge problem for civil liberties and civil rights, and it absolutely needs to be banned."

Viewers in the UK can watch the Our World documentary into Clearview AI on BBC iPlayer

Victoria Amelina was one of Ukraine's most celebrated young writers

The award-winning Ukrainian writer Victoria Amelina has died from her injuries after a Russian missile hit a pizza restaurant in the eastern city of Kramatorsk on Tuesday.

The war crimes researcher becomes the 13th person to have died in the attack.

The writers' association PEN Ukraine said doctors "did everything they could to save her life, but unfortunately the wound was fatal".

Kramatorsk is under Ukrainian control but is close to Russian-occupied parts of Ukraine.

Amelina, 37, was dining with a delegation of Colombian journalists and writers in the city's popular Ria Lounge when the missile hit. Around 60 others were injured in the attack.

She was rushed to hospital in Dnipro, but succumbed to her injuries on Friday, PEN Ukraine said.

"It is with great pain that we inform you that the heart of the writer Victoria Amelina stopped beating on 1 July," the group said in a statement.

"In the last days of Victoria's life, her family and friends were by her side."

Amelina was one of Ukraine's most celebrated young writers who started documenting war crimes after Russia's full-scale invasion last year. She also started working with children near the frontline.

Last year she unearthed the diary of children's writer Volodymyr Vakulenko, who was abducted and killed by Russian troops in the city of Izyum soon after the invasion.

Her first non-fiction book in English, War and Justice Diary: Looking at Women Looking at War, is due to be published.

In an earlier statement confirming that Amelina had been injured in the attack, PEN Ukraine and war crimes watchdog Truth Hounds said that members of both groups had travelled to the frontlines with Amelina.

"Now, Victoria has become a victim of a war crime herself," they said.

A post pinned to her Twitter profile shows Amelina taking a photo of a bombed building in Ukraine.

"It's me in this picture," the post reads.

"I'm a Ukrainian writer. I have portraits of great Ukrainian poets on my bag. I look like I should be taking pictures of books, art, and my little son. But I document Russia's war crimes and listen to the sound of shelling, not poems. Why?"

Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg's show on GB News is one programme being investigated by Ofcom

The media expert who drew up the UK's broadcasting rules has urged the watchdog, Ofcom, to decide whether politicians should be allowed to present TV programmes on news channels.

Chris Banatvala said no-one foresaw the rise of politician presenters when the rules were being designed in the 2000s.

He said Ofcom should take "a view about whether what is emerging is acceptable in terms of due impartiality".

The regulator is reviewing its rules around politicians presenting TV shows.

Under Ofcom's rules, news must be presented with due impartiality, and politicians are not allowed to be newsreaders, interviewers or reporters "unless, exceptionally, it is editorially justified".

Ofcom says there are no rules against politicians hosting current affairs programmes, as long as they reflect a range of views.

But there's been a debate about how these rules apply to the growing number of programmes fronted by politicians on GB News and Talk TV, both relatively new channels.

Last month, Ofcom commissioned research into these programmes after receiving hundreds of complaints about politicians presenting shows.

Then this week, the regulator launched two investigations into potential rule breaches on two programmes, including the GB News show presented by the former cabinet minister, Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg.

In the episode in question, Sir Jacob read out a breaking story about the jury verdict in a civil case involving the former US president, Donald Trump.

Writing in the Telegraph this week, Ofcom's chief executive, Melanie Dawes, said the regulator had a "crucial role in preserving the integrity of broadcast news" and a duty to "ensure our rules remain effective".

Mr Banatvala was Ofcom's director of standards when the regulator's rules around politicians presenting programmes were introduced in 2005.

He told the BBC that in a changing media landscape, we need "a grown-up debate about whether and how we want to apply due impartiality to news".

"It's evident now that news channels are blurring the boundaries between genuine news, current affairs and opinion," he said. "That may be a good reason for Ofcom to look at these rules in the round."

He added: "We may need to look at whether these rules are fit for purpose, and whether we need to amend or adjust them."

He said the tenor of programme on some channels in the UK "is something that's come across the pond from America".

It's long been common to see politicians hosting programmes that veer between partisan commentary and news coverage on channels such as Fox News in the US.

The UK's impartiality rules go back decades and were included in Ofcom's broadcasting code following its creation as the communications regulator in 2003.

If broadcasters are found to have breached the code, Ofcom has powers to impose fines and other sanctions.

When the impartiality rules were drafted, Mr Banatvala said, they were felt to be "ample and adequate to prevent any programme from using the same political party over and over again".

"It wasn't ever envisaged that a news channel would use politicians from the same political party to present programmes, day in, day out," he said.

Grilling two Ofcom directors at a meeting of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee in Parliament on Tuesday, SNP MP John Nicolson asked why the regulator was not taking more action over programmes fronted by sitting politicians.

John Nicolson suggested Jacob Rees-Mogg's show had "the grammar of a news programme"

Singling out Mr Rees-Mogg's programme on GB News, Mr Nicolson said "every day, he churns out the same pro-Brexit, right-wing stuff", arguing "what he's doing is blurring news presenting and commentary".

He asked: "Why don't you act to stop this?"

Kate Davies, Ofcom's public policy director, said the watchdog looks at current affairs programmes "differently" to those focused solely on news.

Following further frank exchanges, Mr Nicolson said "we've lost all sight of objective journalism" and suggested "we're going to proceed down a route where we end up with awful, American-style ranting at the camera, we're already seeing it, masquerading as news".

Kate Biggs, Ofcom's content policy director, said the media watchdog takes its responsibility on impartiality and accuracy rules "very seriously".

She said the regulator's investigations into programmes "do set a precedent for other editors".

TalkTV said it "will engage with the Ofcom process and looks forward to defending its output."

GB News has also been contacted for comment.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

For months, Bakhmut in the Donetsk region has been at the heart of intense fighting (file photo)

Ukrainian forces have advanced around Bakhmut, Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Maliar has said, describing the eastern city as the "epicentre of hostilities".

She did not say whether a long awaited counter-offensive had begun.

Separately, Russia's military said it had repelled a new attack in the eastern Donetsk region on Monday.

Bakhmut has for months been at the heart of fierce fighting. It has little strategic value - but is important symbolically both for Kyiv and Moscow.

Monday's claims by Ukraine and Russia have not been independently verified.

In the early hours of Tuesday, air raid sirens were activated for several hours all over Ukraine. In the capital Kyiv, all missiles - more than 20 - were shot down, city officials said citing preliminary information.

In a post on social media on Monday, Ms Maliar said that "despite stiff resistance and the enemy's attempts to hold the their positions, our military units advanced in several directions during the fighting".

She said in Orikhovo-Vasulivka and Paraskoviivka, Ukrainian troops gained from 200m to 1,600m (656-5,250ft), while in Ivanivske and Klishchiivka they advanced between 100m and 700m (330-2,300).

All four villages are located within several kilometres of Bakhmut. The battle for the city in the Donetsk region has been the longest and bloodiest of the war.

In a video address late on Monday, President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked Ukrainian fighters for delivering "the news we are expecting" on the Bakhmut direction.

"The enemy knows that Ukraine will win," he said.

The Russian paramilitary group Wagner had claimed to have captured the city in late May. In recent weeks, some analysts have suggested Kyiv's forces are attempting to encircle Bakhmut and trap Russian units.

A major Ukrainian counter-offensive has been long expected but Kyiv has already said it would not give advance warning of its start.

There has been a notable increase in military activity, with Ukraine claiming to have made marginal gains elsewhere on the front line.

The latest reports are being seen as a fresh sign that the expected Ukrainian push may have begun.

A video released by the Ukrainian army claims to show a military vehicle near Bakhmut. The BBC has not verified the date of the image

Meanwhile, the Russian defence ministry said on Monday that a new attack by Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk had been repelled.

In a statement quoted by state-run media, It said the attacking side suffered heavy casualties, and that 28 tanks - including eight German-made Leopards - were destroyed. This has not been verified by the BBC.

Wagner boss Yevgeniy Prigozhin publicly mocked the Russian defence ministry, describing its statement as "wild fantasy".

This comes a day after Moscow said a Ukrainian "large-scale offensive" in the Donetsk region had begun on Sunday - but was unsuccessful. Ukraine's military said it had no information about such a major attack in the region.

Video of what Russia said was the battle in Donetsk showed military vehicles under heavy fire in fields. Russia claims it killed 300 troops and destroyed 16 tanks.

"We do not have such information and we do not comment on any kind of fake," a Ukrainian army spokesperson told Reuters.

There has been a significant increase in Ukrainian messaging on when and how their counter-offensive could take shape.

Ukraine has been planning such a move for months. But it has wanted as much time as possible to train troops and to receive military equipment from Western allies.

Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said his country now had enough weapons for a counter-offensive but would not comment on whether it had begun, Reuters reported.

Officials in Kyiv have warned against public speculation over the offensive, saying it could help the enemy.

"Plans love silence. There will be no announcement of the start," the defence ministry said in a recently posted video. It featured masked and well-armed troops holding their fingers against their lips.

It will take Ukraine time to achieve its goal of liberating territory taken by Russia as far back as nine years ago.

And Moscow has had time to prepare. It means if Ukraine is able to mount a counter-offensive, it is going to take a while.

Much is at stake because the government in Kyiv needs to show the people of Ukraine - and Western allies - that it can break through Russian lines, end the effective military deadlock and recapture some of its sovereign territory.

Elsewhere, fighters opposed to the government in Moscow say they have captured some Russian soldiers in Belgorod, near the border with Ukraine.

The claim was made by the Liberty of Russia Legion (FRL), which described the announcement as a joint statement with the Russian Volunteer Corps (RDK).

Both groups want to topple Russian President Vladimir Putin and oppose the full-scale invasion of Ukraine that he launched in February last year.

Russia has blamed Ukraine for recent attacks in its border territories, but Kyiv denies being directly involved.

Meanwhile, President Zelensky met UK Foreign Secretary James Cleverly in Kyiv on Monday.

Mr Zelensky said the pair discussed expectations from the upcoming Nato summit in Vilnius in July and Ukraine's peace proposals.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's children have officially been named as prince and princess on the Royal Family's official website.

It comes the day after Prince Harry and Meghan announced their daughter Lilibet had been christened and they used the title princess for the first time.

Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, are named as the Prince and Princess of Sussex on the line of succession page.

They are sixth and seventh in line to the throne.

Previously they were listed as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.

The rules governing the titles of royal children were set out by King George V - Queen Elizabeth's grandfather - in 1917.

Archie and Lilibet were not prince and princess at birth, because they were not grandchildren of the monarch, but they gained the right to these titles when King Charles acceded to the throne.

A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan said: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch.

"This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace."

It comes after the couple announced that Lilibet, who was born in June 2021, had been christened at their home in California.

The Right Reverend John Harvey Taylor, the Bishop of Los Angeles, presided over the christening last Friday.

Prince Harry and Meghan relocated to the United States after stepping down as working royals in 2020.

Hugh Grant outside court in London on Thursday - the publisher of The Sun denies his allegations

Hugh Grant says the publisher of The Sun newspaper used a "deliberate policy of false denials" to prevent him suing for breaches of his privacy.

A witness statement from him alleges the paper commissioned private investigators to break into his home and steal his private information.

The actor was at the High Court for legal arguments as News UK attempted to get his case thrown out.

The publisher denies the claims and wants the judge to reject them.

Hugh Grant's statement claims that for years, News UK, as it is now called, lied about its involvement in phone hacking and illegal information gathering.

He said the company had a "vast, long-lasting and deliberate policy strategy plan of false denials and other concealment in relation to The Sun, to prevent me, and others in a similar position, from bringing claims against them."

This included, he said, false denials to the Leveson Inquiry into Press Standards, a press complaints body, and in public statements.

Prince Harry is also suing the publisher of the Sun over alleged unlawful information-gathering.

In recent years, News UK has settled a series of claims about illegal information gathering, without admitting liability.

The question of when victims of press intrusion learnt that they might have a case is crucial to this stage of the legal process because usually civil claims have to be brought within six years.

Many of the "hacking" claims date back much further, and could be dismissed as too old.

Mr Grant said in his statement that he only became fully aware of the intrusions into his personal life last year when a private investigator, Gavin Burrows, told him The Sun had hired private investigators to target him.

"Mr Burrows had information that, in addition to hacking my phone and tapping my landline, he was aware that my premises had been burgled by people working for The Sun and that a tracking device had been placed in my car. I found this astonishing."

Hugh Grant told the Leveson Inquiry in 2011 that his flat had been broken into and that a story shortly afterwards had given details of the inside.

In the statement, he said: "I had no evidence that this burglary was carried out or commissioned on the instruction of the press, let alone The Sun".

He also learned that private investigators specialising in "blagging" medical information by ringing hospitals had also been paid to find out about the birth of his daughter to Tinglan Hong, his former partner.

"Although we did our best to keep this information out of the public domain, we suspected that it was leaked by the hospital to the media", he said.

However the recent disclosures convinced him The Sun had been behind the targeting of his private life.

He said News UK "considered itself above the law and is using the law now in a way I believe it was never intended, that is to further cover-up and conceal what it has done."

"I strongly believe that cannot be allowed to happen and that what it has done must be brought to light."

Mr Justice Fancourt said another legal hearing would be needed in early July before he could deliver his judgement.

Beethoven, who suffered from several ailments, had asked for his body to be studied

A US businessman has donated fragments of what is believed to be Ludwig van Beethoven's skull to a Vienna university for study.

Paul Kaufmann said he felt "very privileged to be able to return the Beethoven skull fragments, which I inherited, to where they belong".

An Austrian coroner said the fragments, which have already been studied in the US, had "great value".

The composer suffered ill health all his life and died in the city in 1827.

The businessman said he found the fragments in 1990, in a small box with "Beethoven" scratched on it inside a family safety deposit box held by a French bank.

It is thought that Mr Kaufmann's great-great-uncle Franz Romeo Seligmann, a Viennese doctor, received the fragments in 1863 after Beethoven's bones were exhumed for study.

There are 10 fragments in total, including two bigger pieces - one from the back of the head and one from the right side of the forehead.

Mr Kaufmann shows the fragments to journalists at the Medical University of Vienna

The Rector of Vienna's Medical University, Markus Mueller, said that it was of paramount importance to handle the remains in an ethically responsible way.

"It's about finding the right balance between understandable public interest and respect for a deceased person," he said.

Austrian coroner Christian Reiter said the fragments were "really valuable material" that they hoped to continue to research over the coming years. "That was Beethoven's wish too," he added.

Beethoven, was born in Bonn in December 1770 and died on 27 March 1827. He had suffered ill health for much of his life and reportedly explicitly asked for his body to be studied after his death.

Earlier this year, researchers led by Cambridge University analysed five locks of hair to sequence the composer's genome and revealed that Beethoven had a likely genetic predisposition to liver disease and suffered a hepatitis B infection months before his death.

He first began suffered hearing loss around 1795, a condition that worsened throughout his years and was exacerbated by severe tinnitus, leading him to be functionally deaf by 1818.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Recep Tayyip Erdogan may have serenaded his supporters by singing off-key after his victory - but he is pitch perfect when it comes to fighting elections.

He read the electorate better than the pollsters and analysts, who suggested he could be beaten by the opposition. Well, not this time.

His opponent - Kemal Kilicdaroglu - was just four percentage points behind him. No doubt President Erdogan will be reflecting on that as he starts his third term in office.

This strategic Nato nation has chosen its path, most voters opting for a seasoned autocrat rather than an untested democrat in the form of Mr Kilicdaroglu.

The opposition leader ran his campaign as Mr Nice Guy, initially promising a new spring for Turkey. He later swerved right, vowing to send all refugees home. That won his some extra support from nationalists, but not enough.

Turkey's Islamist leader Mr Erdogan has a bond with his followers that goes back 20 years. Many are religious conservatives like him. They have stuck with him through thick and thin - and hyperinflation - giving him five more years.

As the run-off result was announced, the streets of the capital Ankara were a kaleidoscope of Turkish flags, blaring car horns, and cheering Erdogan supporters. Huge numbers flocked to his custom-built presidential palace with its 1,000 plus rooms. His rival had promised to put it in public use.

"We were blessed by the fact that our president is again leading us," said Hatice Duran, 50, who was smiling broadly beneath her headscarf. "There is no other feeling greater than this. Let the world hear this. He is the leader who defied the entire world and taught the entire world a lesson."

That's a key part of his appeal here: Mr Erdogan is a strong leader, a latter-day Sultan who does not bow down.

The message of the election is that many here prefer a tough guy to a nice guy.

Now he is newly emboldened. The country's opposition is badly bruised, and the Kremlin is celebrating.

This is the outcome President Vladimir Putin wanted - no surprises that he was one of the first to offer his congratulations to the Turkish leader. Mr Putin did what he could to tilt the scales in his favour, including postponing a $600m (£486m) payment for Russian natural gas.

Mr Erdogan entered the contest with many advantages: his street smarts, his common touch, and his control of 90% of the media here.

In his victory speech he insisted that "only Turkey was the winner" - but he lost no time in attacking the opposition and the LGBTQ community.

Both may now be targeted even more, and human rights and free speech could be further eroded in the years to come. There are few checks and balances here, and Turkey's longest-serving leader is not known for his restraint.

Those who wanted change here - almost 48% of the voters - will be disappointed, and perhaps fearful.

Many predict there will be more religion and less freedom in the public life of this secular republic, which will mark its centenary in October.

Turkey is now a divided nation with a broken economy. Critics say the president has no solution for either.

And where does the election result leave Turkey's neighbours and its Nato allies? They will be watchful, knowing President Erdogan often seems to relish upending the established international order.

Alexei Navalny has been in jail since 2021 and appeared via video link on Wednesday

Alexei Navalny, the jailed Russian opposition leader, has said he is being investigated on terrorism charges which could see him imprisoned beyond 2050.

Speaking via video link from his penal colony, Navalny called the new case against him "absurd".

He is already facing 11-and-a-half years in prison on a range of charges, which supporters say are trumped-up.

Separately, another leading opposition figure, former Yekaterinburg Mayor Yevgeny Roizman, has gone on trial.

He has pleaded not guilty to charges of discrediting Russia's armed forces.

Russia has intensified a crackdown on its critics at home since invading Ukraine last year, with many in exile or behind bars.

Navalny said in court on Wednesday that a new criminal case has been opened which would see him judged by a military tribunal on "terrorism" charges.

He said it related to a criminal case opened against him in October on allegations of creating an extremist group, inciting hatred against state officials, and calling for unauthorised protests.

"They have brought absurd charges against me, according to which I am facing up to 35 years," said the Kremlin critic, who has been in prison since he returned to Russia in January 2021 after recovering from a nerve agent attack in Siberia.

There has been no confirmation yet of a separate criminal case from Russian authorities.

Navalny's latest court appearance was part of a pre-trial hearing related to the amount of time authorities are giving him to familiarise himself with the case files. He is due to reappear in court next week.

His current prison term comes to an end in 2031, but if he is given the maximum punishment in all cases opened against him he will stay behind bars beyond 2050, according to investigative project Agentstvo, citing lawyers.

After his appearance on Wednesday, Navalny said he had been returned to solitary confinement, having spent 15 days there already.

Meanwhile, another high-profile Russian dissident is facing five years in jail in the city he led for several years. The prosecution in Yekaterinburg says former Mayor Yevgeny Roizman took part in a YouTube discussion last August where he negatively assessed the way Russian troops were being used in Ukraine.

In an interview with the AFP news agency last summer, Mr Roizman said: "Something horrible is happening, evil is prevailing. Absolutely vile evil is suddenly prevailing before our eyes."

Until his arrest in August, the ex-mayor was one of the last remaining prominent opposition politicians in Russia who had not been killed, detained, or forced out of the country.

In interviews, he was often asked why he had not fled Russia, like so many of his fellow activists. "I can't flee," he said shortly after the start of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. "It is unacceptable for me to do that."

Earlier this week, in yet another show of Russia's crackdown on dissenting opinions over the invasion, an interior ministry worker was sentenced to seven years in jail for spreading "fake news" about the war in a personal phone call.

Sergei Klokov was detained a few weeks after Russia's invasion of Ukraine in March 2022 when his phone was tapped. He reportedly told a friend over the phone: "We think we are fighting fascism, but there isn't fascism there. There isn't."

The child was airlifted to Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool (stock image)

A three-year-old girl has been rescued after falling into a lake, police have said.

The child had wandered out of a nearby house before she fell in the water in Thatto Heath, St Helens, at about 14:20 BST, Merseyside Police said.

Officers rescued the little girl and performed CPR before she was taken by air ambulance to Alder Hey Children's Hospital.

She is currently receiving treatment with her family alongside her.

Why not follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Disposable vapes are the most popular vaping device among teenagers in the UK, surveys suggest

Children's doctors are calling for a complete ban on disposable vapes because they may damage young people's lungs and are bad for the environment.

But an anti-smoking campaign group says a ban would make it harder for some adults to give up smoking and increase the trade in illegal vapes.

UK governments are planning steps to reduce vaping among under-18s.

These are likely to include tighter rules on how vaping products are marketed and promoted.

Selling vapes or e-cigarettes to children is illegal, but that has not stopped a rise in 11 to 17-year-olds experimenting with vaping - from 7.7% in 2022 up to 11.6% in 2023, according to a YouGov survey for Action on Smoking and Health (Ash).

About 15% of 16 to 17-year-olds and 18% of 18-year-olds are current vapers, it suggests.

Brightly-coloured nicotine vapes in a variety of flavours, which are used once and then thrown away, are the most popular product among teenagers, who tend to get them from corner shops for about £5 each.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak recently said it was "ridiculous" that vapes were designed and promoted to appeal to children when they were supposed to be used by adults giving up smoking.

A BBC investigation found unsafe levels of lead, nickel and chromium in vapes confiscated from a secondary school, which could end up being inhaled into children's lungs. Scientists analysing the vapes said they were the worst lab test results of their kind they had ever seen.

The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) now says the UK government should "without a doubt" ban disposable e-cigarettes.

"Youth vaping is fast becoming an epidemic among children, and I fear that if action is not taken, we will find ourselves sleepwalking into a crisis," said Dr Mike McKean, paediatric respiratory consultant and RCPCH vice-president.

Health experts stress that smoking cigarettes, which contain tobacco, is still the single biggest cause of preventable illness and disease in the UK.

However, Dr McKean said vaping products were "not risk-free" and research on them was "still very much in its infancy", meaning it was not possible to predict the long-term impacts on young people's lungs, hearts and brains.

What's your reaction to a possible ban on disposable vapes? Get in touch via:

Last week, Mr Sunak announced he would close a loophole allowing vaping companies to give free samples to children in England, and look at increasing fines for shops selling vapes illegally. A call for evidence on how to curb youth vaping ends on Tuesday.

In Scotland, the First Minister recently said a ban on disposable vapes was under consideration in a report being compiled by an environmental expert group.

The RCPCH said governments should now decide whether to take further action "to prioritise our children and our planet".

But others say a ban on disposable vapes is not needed and would not have the desired effect.

Charity and campaign group Ash says a complete ban would end up boosting the market for illegal vapes and make it harder to recycle them.

And it said disposable vapes were a useful tool for adult smokers, particularly older people and those with learning disabilities, to quit tobacco.

"We need to be really careful about banning them - vapes and e-cigarettes have been invaluable in stopping people smoking," said Prof Ruth Sharrock, respiratory consultant in Gateshead, who works with patients with respiratory failure.

Although disposable vapes are just one kind of vaping product, Ash estimates that they are used by 20% of vapers who have quit smoking.

Prof Nick Hopkinson, respiratory physician and chairman of Ash, said smoking remained "the biggest health problem for adults and children", and urged more funding for stop smoking services as well as stricter rules on vaping.

Ash says disposable vapes can be bought for "pocket money prices" and is calling on the government to put a tax of £5 on their price. This means they would cost a similar amount to rechargeable, reusable vaping products - but still much less than a pack of cigarettes.

It also wants rules to be tightened around the way vapes are promoted in shops, to reduce their appeal to children.

The vaping industry also says a ban on single-use vapes is not the answer.

UK Vaping Industry Association (UKVIA) director general John Dunne said: "Strong, targeted action directed at those illegally selling vape products to children is the way forward."

Green Alliance, an independent think tank, said disposable vapes wasted resources like lithium which are needed for batteries to power electric cars, and recycling them was costly.

It called current government proposals to restrict marketing and end free giveaways to children "laughably inadequate".

A spokesperson for the Department for Health and Social Care in England said: "We are taking bold action to crack down on youth vaping through the £3m illicit vapes enforcement squad to tackle underage sales to children."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Deborah Meaden: 'I woke up, climate change is happening in the here and now'

The wildfires in the southern Mediterranean have brought climate change to the top of the news agenda and have also whipped up a storm on social media.

People calling for climate action, like Dragons' Den star Deborah Meaden, have been branded as alarmists. Meaden has publicly faced down critics on online platforms like X (formerly called Twitter) when accused of exaggerating climate change. Despite the hostility her public stance generates, it is an issue she is passionate about.

"The climate change problem is here and now," Meaden told the BBC at a recent event. People are increasingly waking up to the idea and this has big implications for businesses, she says.

"People are joining the dots," says Meaden."We can't assume we've got time to sort the planet any more. It was probably about six or seven years ago when I really woke up to the fact."

However, she is of course well known not as a scientist or social activist, but as a famous face of business. Much of the damage to the planet driving climate change is caused by big businesses, as they supply us with the necessities - and luxuries - of modern life.

They are increasingly being forced to rethink their policies, thanks to consumer pressure, says Meaden.

"Consumers have woken up to the power they have in their pockets in the past five or six years," she says.

"They are telling businesses, you need to change the way you do things. They want to make sure businesses are reducing their planetary impact.

"And businesses will - and do - listen to the consumer."

Some large companies have been caught out greenwashing - paying lip service to sustainability, but not putting it into practice - but many do genuinely want to commit to change, Meaden told Bupa's eco-Disruptive event in London, which earlier this month ran a competition for start-ups in the sustainability sector.

While consumers can influence big businesses to become more responsible through their spending power, Meaden reckons, it is actually new breeds of small, start-up companies that will bring those businesses the radical ideas they need to change their ways.

While large companies have resources and deep pockets, they don't always have the ability to focus on the kinds of new ideas that have to be experimented with, to become more sustainable, she argues.

Large, public companies can also face inertia on climate change because they are subject to the demands of their shareholders, who are focused on short-term profits.

This is where start-ups come in. They are more agile and their small teams can laser-focus on new ideas, says Meaden.

Many start-up founders with bold ideas aren't in fact trying to be the next all-conquering Facebook. From the outset, they are looking to be acquired by a larger company after they've proved their potential - making life-changing amounts of money for the founding members when they sell.

Since large companies are on the lookout for green solutions right now, they are interested to acquire start-ups that can solve their sustainability issues for them, in areas like supply chains, waste or energy consumption.

So there is a good market now for start-ups to be in this space and drive the sustainability agenda at scale, says Meaden.

Many of these kinds of start-ups were represented at the eco-Disruptive Live event.

Australian start-up Cassava Bags won the overall competition, taking prize money of £200,000.

It had developed a disposable, carrier bag that looks like it is made of plastic, but in fact dissolves in water.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: This disposable carrier bag can dissolve in water in one minute

The bags are made from starches processed from the root of the Cassava plant, which is grown in countries across south Asia, including Thailand. The bags dissolve in boiling water in around one minute, or over several days if left in the ocean, say the founders, though they can also withstand rain.

The start-up hopes that supermarkets will adopt their bags, though subsidies will be required to help them compete with established plastic rivals whose products are significantly cheaper.

Another firm at the event, Energym, makes exercise bikes which generate electricity that can be stored in a battery, allowing gyms to use their own electricity rather than buy it from the grid.

"I have been concerned about sustainability and climate change for a very, very long time," says Meaden, "but it was always something that was going to happen way into the future.

"But of course it isn't, it's happening now."

Last week Nadine Dorries said she would resign her Mid Bedfordshire seat with immediate effect

Former cabinet minister Nadine Dorries has said she will not resign until she gets more information on why she was denied a peerage.

The Boris Johnson ally announced last Friday she would be standing down as MP for Mid Bedfordshire "with immediate effect".

Ms Dorries accused Rishi Sunak's team of removing her name from Mr Johnson's resignation honours list.

In a tweet, she said she had requested all correspondence around her removal.

Ms Dorries said she had put in Subject Access Requests to the House of Lords Appointments Commission (HOLAC), Cabinet Secretary and the Cabinet Office.

Subject Access Requests allow an individual to receive a copy of all their personal data held by a government department.

Freedom of Information expert Martin Rosenbaum has pointed out that under the Data Protection Act 2018, the right of access to personal data does not apply to data processed for the honours system.

In a multi-tweet thread Ms Dorries said she had requested copies of WhatsApp messages, texts, emails and meeting minutes. relating to the process of her nomination for the House of Lords

Once she receives them she will "take the time to properly consider the information I am provided", Ms Dorries added.

She went on to say it is "absolutely my intention to resign" but "this process is now sadly necessary".

She added that her "office continues to function as normal and will of course continue to serve my constituents".

Before Ms Dorries' announcement, No 10 said it was important for her constituents to have "certainty".

"It is obviously unusual to have an MP say they will resign with immediate effect and for that not to take place," the prime minister's press secretary added.

Mr Johnson also announced he was leaving Parliament on Friday, ahead of a Commons report expected to accuse him of misleading MPs over the Partygate scandal, which is due to be published on Thursday.

Nigel Adams, one of Mr Johnson's other close allies, stood down as an MP on Monday, following reports his name was also removed from the list of approved peerages.

The by-elections to replace them were triggered on Wednesday, with 3 July or 20 July the possible polling dates.

While Ms Dorries remains a member of Parliament, she can turn up in the House of Commons chamber to make her views known.

Anything she says would be covered by parliamentary privilege, allowing her to be outspoken on any issue, without fear of legal consequences.

The Conservatives - who are trailing Labour in national polls - wanted to conclude swift campaigns before Parliament's summer recess and for any political pain from the by-elections to be short and sharp.

But if Ms Dorries keeps her party waiting, she could force them into a potentially divisive by-election later on - for example, ahead of the autumn party conference season.

Last updated on .From the section Boxing

Anthony Joshua returned to winning ways with a unanimous points victory over Jermaine Franklin at London's O2 Arena.

The British heavyweight, 33, controlled the contest against the durable American but it was not the explosive early finish many expected.

Two judges scored it 117-111 and one 118-111 to Joshua.

Tempers flared after the final bell as the two fighters squared up to each other, prompting their teams to enter the ring and be separated by security.
• None 'Joshua doesn't want to do it any more' - Whyte analysis of fight

It is Joshua's first win in more than two years, having lost consecutive bouts to WBA (Super), IBF and WBO world champion Oleksandr Usyk.

"No knockout, so no good. It is a brutal sport, but knockouts are everything. I'm not too happy," Joshua told 5 Live Boxing.

"I could have thrown more shots, and I should have, no excuses. But I will. That is part of coming back; you have to be your own biggest critic."

He also called out fellow Briton and WBC champion Tyson Fury, saying: "I try and provide for the fans. I know who they want. They said Tyson Fury - the ball is in his court."
• None As it happened: Joshua defeats Franklin in London
• None Wood to face Lara in rematch for world title

Joshua has now won 25 fights, with 22 stoppages, and lost three since turning professional in 2013.

It is a second defeat for Franklin, 29, having lost to Briton Dillian Whyte in November.

Joshua returned to the O2 Arena - once a fortress for the Watford fighter - after seven years. His seven previous fights at the venue ended inside the distance, but this was not vintage Joshua.

A boisterous sellout crowd, including popstar Liam Payne and journalist Louis Theroux, were in attendance, eager to see whether Joshua - still one of the biggest names in British boxing - remained a force in the division.

Away fighter Franklin - who earlier travelled on the London underground to the arena due to traffic - entered the ring first to huge jeers. Joshua followed, marching to the ring with a look of determination.

Joshua started strongly, taking the centre of the ring and doubling up on the jab to pierce Franklin's guard, with quick feet to stay out of range of any advances. A thudding straight right got Franklin's attention at the start of the second.

The Michigan fighter - who shed 23lbs since losing to Whyte - came out strong in the third, growing in confidence and showing he was not there to make up the numbers.

Joshua landed a telegraphed uppercut from range in the fourth and both men found success in the fifth.

Boxing fans and pundits felt Joshua needed to win in style against a fringe world-level contender. Even 'AJ' himself said he needed to make a statement, but it was starting to look as if that would not be the case.

Franklin began to tire into the second half of the fight, Joshua landing a sharp hook on the inside. The two men stood their ground and exchanged glares after the bell in the seventh.

But when the AJ of old would have pushed for a knockout, the fight instead became scrappy as both men were warned for holding in the ninth.

Joshua enjoyed more success in the following round, stunning Franklin with a terrific uppercut. He grinned and, perhaps for the first time in the fight, the former unified heavyweight champion was reminiscent of his old self.

A complacent Joshua was reminded of the danger Franklin poses, taking a couple of clean shots, but out-jabbed his opponent, who continued to clinch, in the final rounds.

In scenes not too dissimilar to his outburst when he lost to Ukrainian Usyk in August, Joshua once again allowed his frustration to get the better of him after the final bell.

He tapped Franklin on the back of the head, who reacted and then AJ decided to wrestle with his opponent, before Franklin's corner got involved. The melee continued outside the ring, pushing back the barriers separating the teams from media.

"Last time I grabbed the mic, it was a bit chaotic," Joshua said afterwards. "I'm calm - I appreciate everyone coming out this evening.

"Inside the ring, it is a different energy so I apologise to those watching."

Fans wanted to see the return of the old Joshua. The ferocious, ruthless combination puncher who stopped his first 20 opponents inside the distance.

But the last time Joshua won in the first half of a fight was in 2016, against Eric Molina. Perhaps that is testament to the level of opponents he has faced since then.

Franklin - a fringe world level contender - gave Joshua a harder night's work than most expected. Nevertheless, the pressure was on. A defeat for Joshua would have been difficult to come back from.

Despite an underwhelming performance, Joshua is keen on a match-up with Fury.

"I would be honoured to fight for the WBC heavyweight championship of the world," Joshua said.

"If he's listening, he knows my promoter, we've had dialogue before, so let's continue this. We ain't getting any younger."

Promoter Hearn added: "There may be an opportunity to do the Tyson Fury fight next.

"If it is there, it'll be difficult for AJ not to take it. He may think he will never get it.

"The sensible thing is to have another fight with Derrick James to improve; Dillian Whyte is a great option. The first fight was epic. It is all about timing. Money? Not so much, but he is looking at big fights.

"That was his career on the line and he was apprehensive for that reason."

Unbeaten Fury's last outing was a trilogy bout win over Derek Chisora in December. The Morecambe fighter will be looking for a high-profile opponent for his next fight.

Joshua-Fury is arguably the most lucrative bout for both men. In terms of appeasing boxing fans, it would go a little way in clawing back some credibility for the sport after an undisputed fight between Fury and Usyk fell through.
• None Enter the world of the social media personality's multi-level marketing scheme and webcam business
• None Stealing it was only the beginning...:

The UK suffered extreme heat and wildfires last year likely made worse by climate change

The UK is still not treating climate change as a national priority, warn the experts who advise the government.

They criticised the latest government climate change adaptation plan for not containing any substantial new money or new legislation.

The five-year programme, released on Monday, includes measures to tackle overheating and flooding.

Secretary of State for Environment Therese Coffey defended the plan as a "step change".

The Third National Adaptation Plan (NAP) outlines how the government intends to prepare the UK for climate change from health to housing.

Before publication the UK Committee on Climate Change (UKCCC) called on the government to make sure the third plan matched the scale of the challenge the country is facing.

Following its publication on Monday, Baroness Brown, Chair of the Adaptation Committee of the UKCCC, said that the plan shows that preparing for climate change still needs to be made a more important priority for the country.

"This is progress on previous plans... but we are disappointed the government hasn't used this opportunity to go further," she said. "In another summer of gruelling hot temperatures, water shortages and wildfires, it's hard to make sense of that decision. We are at the stage where promising further action is not enough.

"The scale of the climate impacts we are seeing make clear that resilience to climate change should be a much greater national priority."

The UKCCC noted almost all the measures are re-announcements of existing commitments from other plans like the Environment Act.

Trudy Harrison, minister for climate adaptation, said: "We are absolutely serious across government. What we have set out today is billions of pounds of investment to protect the most vulnerable communities."

She said the government had taken on board the climate change committee's comments.

"There's always more to do. This is a five-year plan," she said.

New proposals in the plan from government include:

As global temperatures continue to rise the risk of extreme events in the UK such as high heat, winter flooding and storm surge increases.

Last year, during the most intense heat wave the country has ever faced, there were 25,000 wildfires from the moorlands of greater Manchester to the gardens of east London. Hospitals struggled to cope - around 3,000 more deaths in the over-65s than usual and 20% of operations were cancelled.

Alongside flooding, overheating is one of the biggest risks the UK population face from climate change.

Dr Chloe Brimicombe, researcher in heatwaves at University Graz, told the BBC: "The reason that it's a massive risk is that it causes significant health issues especially for vulnerable groups. It causes health issues like dehydration, heat stress which they might need to go to hospital for."

The government wants contractors who build new schools and hospitals to implement cooling measures like shaded windows, green roofs and more open spaces. But there is no new legislation or funding for updates to existing homes to make sure they are protected.

Under a scenario where global temperatures rise by 2C all homes in England and Wales are at risk of overheating according to energy consultants Arup.

In dense urban areas like London, Manchester and Birmingham populations are particularly at risk.

Rezina Chowdhury, Labour deputy leader of Lambeth council in south London told the BBC: "Our communities feel the effects disproportionately with poorer households... and our residents live in flats without outside space."

City dwellers struggled with overheating homes last year during the UK heatwave

But she said that there is no secure funding: "It is like Hunger Games where people are having to fight for pots of money to do the work we should all be doing."

Local authorities are being offered advice and information from a new climate advice service to help them tailor their response.

This move has been welcomed by Linda Taylor, environment spokesperson for the Local Government Association, the national body for authorities in England and Wales.

"But while access to Local Authority Climate Data could provide some good learning and understanding for councils, they crucially need the resources and money to take action on their findings," she said.

The UK is not just vulnerable to heat at home but also abroad. The UK only produces 16% of its fruit and 50% of its vegetables domestically, relying on imports, mostly from Europe, to fulfil the shortfall. Therefore any extreme weather events in Europe could effect the supply here.

Earlier this year the UK experienced shortages of cucumber, tomatoes and other popular vegetables after poor weather in Spain, and now the same region is baking under an intense heatwave. which could further damage crops.

The UKCCC recommended in March that the government require, by law, all large food companies to assess the climate risks to their supply chains.

The government did not propose this in the NAP. It said that a new Food Security Strategy would be produced for next year but industry was best placed to deal with the issue.

Low rainfall in Italy and Spain last year led to shortage of key vegetables in the UK

Flooding and storms are the other major risk the UK currently faces. Memorable events such as Storm Arwen wreaked havoc with UK homes and key infrastructure. In November 2021, it left one million British properties without power and internet supply.

There are no targets in the plan for improving the strength of the communications sector, which was a key ask of the UKCCC in March - but said Ofcom would look at issuing new guidance to companies to prepare for climate change.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Boots is changing the way its loyalty card works by offering discounts on more of its own-brand products but cutting the points earned per pound.

The health and beauty retailer said that from May, holders of the Advantage Card would collect 3p worth of points for every £1 spent, instead of 4p.

The move comes when many retailers' costs are increasing amidst record rises in energy bills and overheads.

One retail analyst said shoppers "want their jam today rather than waiting".

"Loyalty schemes where shoppers collect points to use later are losing appeal as shoppers want the best price and discount right now, and the cost of running these schemes is also significant," said Catherine Shuttleworth.

After the changes, every point people earn will continue to be worth 1p to spend in Boots.

Boots added that customers would be able to save 10% in store on 6,000 of its own-brand products.

It said customers would also save on hundreds of products with its Price Advantage scheme in a move which was to "make things stretch that little bit further". Price Advantage allows Boots card holders exclusive access to lower prices on certain products.

It said the move was in response to customer feedback.

On its website, Boots said: "We understand that more customers are looking to access instant savings, so offering 10% off our Boots own brand range will give even more opportunities to save.

"We understand that many customers still love saving up their points for big purchases in the future, so will continue to offer 3p worth of points for every £1 spent at Boots."

The retailer said students would continue to receive a 10% discount storewide, alongside the extra 10% for Boots branded products.

Recent research suggests that shoppers have been switching away from branded products at certain retailers and opting for own-brand equivalents to save money at the till, as inflation - the rate at which prices rise - reaches record highs.

Ms Shuttleworth said Boots is competing with other High Street firms to hold on to shoppers amid rising cost pressures, and that points "really aren't enough" anymore.

"Boots is faced with shoppers that are looking for better prices and great value and are shopping far and wide to find it from discount retailers like B&M and Home Bargains to supermarkets and online," she told the BBC.

"Younger shoppers in particular are well versed in unlocking immediate discounts offered to them."

She said that with the cost-of-living crisis, shoppers are increasingly savvy about making their money stretch as far as possible.

"Changes to schemes and devaluation of points can mean that shoppers choose to give up collecting their points and simply shop elsewhere," she said.

Annich McIntosh, managing editor of Loyalty Magazine, said Boots had been the "last bastion of high-value loyalty points".

"It always had been one of the more generous schemes since the start of the loyalty push," she said.

The shift to instant discounts was common across retailers, she said, allowing companies to continue to collect extremely valuable data about spending habits, while keeping their own costs down.

They could also use the power of differential pricing to push their own-brand products, and have branded products supplied cheaper, to enhance profits.

Lhermitte seen in court before her conviction in 2008

A Belgian woman who murdered her five children has been euthanised at her own request, 16 years after the killings.

Genevieve Lhermitte killed her son and four daughters, aged three to 14, in the town of Nivelles on 28 February 2007, while their father was away.

She then tried to take her own life but failed, and ended up calling emergency services for help.

The 56-year-old was sentenced to life in prison in 2008, before being moved to a psychiatric hospital in 2019.

In Belgium the law allows for people to choose to be euthanised if they are deemed to be suffering from "unbearable" psychological, and not just physical, suffering that cannot be healed.

The person must be conscious of their decision and be able to express their wish in a reasoned and consistent manner.

"It is this specific procedure that Mrs Lhermitte followed, with the various medical opinions having been collected," her lawyer said.

Psychologist Emilie Maroit told the RTL-TVI channel that Lhermitte likely chose to die on 28 February in a "symbolic gesture in respect for her children".

"It may also have been for her to finish what she started, because basically she wanted to end her life when she killed them," the psychologist said.

The quintuple murders in 2007, and the subsequent trial, rocked Belgium.

During the trial Lhermitte's lawyers argued she was mentally disturbed and should not be sent to prison. But the jury found her guilty of premeditated murder and sentenced her to life in jail.

In 2010 Lhermitte filed a civil lawsuit demanding up to three million euros (£2,655,840) from a former psychiatrist, claiming his "inaction" failed to prevent the murders, but she ended up abandoning the legal battle after 10 years.

In 2022, some 2,966 people died via euthanasia in Belgium, an increase of 10% compared to 2021.

Cancer remains the most common reason, but officials said in nearly three out of four requests the patient presented "several types of suffering, both physical and psychological".

Since 2014, Belgium has allowed children to be helped to die as well as adults, if they are terminally ill and in great pain and if they have parental consent.

Harvey Evans's aunt Hayley Murphy says his family are determined to get "justice" for him

The aunt of one of two teenagers killed in an e-bike crash says she believes the police are to blame for their deaths.

Hayley Murphy, whose nephew Harvey Evans, 15, died alongside best friend Kyrees Sullivan, 16, said the family were determined to get "justice".

South Wales Police said officers were following the boys before the crash, which sparked a riot.

The force said it and the police watchdog are continuing to investigate.

Harvey Evans, 15, and Kyrees Sullivan, 16, died in a bike crash on Monday

CCTV from minutes before the accident in Ely, Cardiff, on Monday evening showed a police van driving at a distance behind the two boys, but the force said its nearest vehicle was half-a-mile away when the bike crashed.

"They were two children who were chased to their death by South Wales Police," Ms Murphy told the BBC after a vigil was held in memory of the two boys on Friday.

Ms Murphy, whose sister is Harvey's mother, claimed her nephew had been "arrested 30 times over the last two years, and there's been not one charge that's stuck".

She alleged in one case officers had visited his family home, after a police officer was assaulted, but doorbell video footage showed he was at home at the time.

She claimed on another occasion when officers believed he had done something wrong, the family were on holiday and "he wasn't even in the country".

Balloons were released at a vigil held for them on Friday

She described Harvey as "chopsy and cheeky" but also "so lovable".

Ms Murphy called him "a typical teenager… out and about with all his friends and sees the police all the time".

She explained how Harvey, a fan of e-bikes and scooters, had told his father he was going to take Kyrees home on his electric bike, which was an early 16th birthday present, after they had had tea together.

"Harvey had only just had this bike and didn't want to lose it. He turned back and the police gave chase," she alleged.

Ms Murphy said the riot began after family members were waiting near the crash scene to find out if the boys were still alive as CPR was being carried out.

Tributes were attached to a fence in memory of the two boys

Harvey's grandmother, Dawn Rees, said they believed some people involved in the riot had no local connections and "didn't care what they were doing and rioting for".

Nine people in total have been arrested in connection with the riot - of whom at least five are from the Cardiff area - after the police investigation looked at more than 180 pieces of body worn footage.

Detectives have said more arrests are expected.

Ms Murphy said the family had faced an agonising wait to get the police confirmation they feared about the boys' deaths.

She said: "They came to the house around four hours after it happened, about four hours in total, and they said 'there have been two fatalities but we cannot confirm who they are'.

Their deaths sparked a riot in the Ely suburb of Cardiff

"We knew it was Harvey, but we didn't get told until the family liaison officer came at around two o'clock the following day.

"How can you treat a family of a young boy like that?"

The two women also blamed rioters for delaying emergency services from removing Harvey and Kyrees' bodies from the scene of the crash.

"Those boys lied on that floor for 10 hours. Ten hours," Ms Murphy claimed.

Ms Rees said: "This is what we couldn't cope with because they were lying on the floor.

"It was all down to the riots. We had no support for 17 hours and it was because of the riots."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: What the CCTV tells us about teens' final moments

"The only thing we can do is stay strong as a family and as a community and just continue fighting because we will get justice," said Ms Murphy.

South Wales Police said in a statement that it "cannot comment any further" due to ongoing investigations by the force and Independent Office for Police Conduct, which is looking at the police's interaction with the teenagers before their deaths.

A spokesman for the Welsh Ambulance Service said their involvement at the scene concluded before 20:00.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the leader of the Nxivm group

US actor Allison Mack has been released from prison early after serving two years for her role in a sex-trafficking case tied to a cult-like group.

The 40-year-old pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy charges in April 2019 related to her efforts to recruit women to the Nxivm sex cult.

Mack, best known for her role in the television series Smallville, was sentenced to three years in prison.

The Federal Bureau of Prisons confirmed she had been released on Monday.

Nxivm, pronounced "nexium", started in 1998 as a self-help programme. It claims to have worked with more than 16,000 people including the son of a former Mexican president and Hollywood actresses such as Mack.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the group's leader, Keith Raniere. Though Raniere, 62, was at the top of this structure and the only man, Mack served as one of his top female deputies.

Female recruits were allegedly branded with his initials and expected to have sex with him in exchange for becoming a part of the group, which was based in Albany, New York.

The news of Mack's release was initially reported by the New York newspaper Albany Times Union.

Mack, who was arrested in 2018, was facing as much as 17 years in prison but saw her sentence reduced after providing evidence to help prosecutors pursue their case against Raniere.

In 2020, he was sentenced to 120 years in prison for multiple crimes, including forcing women to be his sexual "slaves".

Before her sentencing, Mack apologised to those she said had been harmed by her actions, calling her involvement with the group "the biggest mistake and regret of my life".

"I am sorry to those of you that I brought into Nxivm," she said. "I am sorry I ever exposed you to the nefarious and emotionally abusive schemes of a twisted man."

Adam Price has been leader of Plaid Cymru since September 2018

Plaid Cymru politicians held talks six months ago about trying to remove Adam Price as leader, leaked texts seen by BBC Wales said.

Messages from the party's Luke Fletcher said colleagues were discussing whether Mr Price was fit to lead the party over a failure to deal with allegations of bullying and sexual impropriety.

It comes after a review found a culture of "harassment, bullying and misogyny".

The Senedd group said it shared the party's distress about the findings.

But it did not respond to questions about whether Mr Price still had the wider party's support.

Mr Price has refused to stand aside following Nerys Evans's report, and said he would be "abdicating" his responsibility if he quit.

He apologised to all those who experienced or witnessed unacceptable behaviour and said the party was a product of the society it was trying to change.

The WhatsApp exchanges between a former party staff member and the Member of the Senedd for South Wales West detail discussions last November over a plan to replace Mr Price.

The texts suggested Mr Price lost the confidence of several party figures, who were keen to install the Ynys Môn MS, Rhun ap Iorwerth, as leader.

In one of the messages, Mr Fletcher said he had "spoken to Rhun" and "told him that I'd back him".

He went on to say that a meeting had taken place among a number of Plaid Cymru MSs concerning the leadership on 15 November.

That was about a week after the South Wales Central MS, Rhys ab Owen, was suspended from the party's Senedd group.

He is under investigation by the Senedd's standards watchdog, over an alleged breach of the code of conduct.

Mr Fletcher said that during the meeting there was "a reluctance to push the button… but I think people can be persuaded", before adding that "things are still yet to come out".

In response to later messages, he added he was "sick of everyone pretending everything is OK" and that Plaid Cymru was "the definition of hypocrisy".

Mr ap Iorwerth admitted "major changes" were needed in messages to the staffer sent around that time.

He went on to say: "It is clear to me that we are at a critical juncture for the party."

In later exchanges, Mr Fletcher also references the North Wales MS, Llyr Gruffydd, saying he "doesn't think there's a way back for Adam".

Following publication of the Plaid Cymru report, a former Welsh Labour cabinet minister called for Plaid Cymru's co-operation deal with the Welsh government to end.

Ken Skates MS, a former economy minister, said he did not want to deal "with bullies, misogynists or anyone who discriminates against others".

Plaid Cymru is in a co-operation deal with the Welsh government, which sees Labour ministers work with the party on a range of policies including childcare and free school meals.

Asked on the BBC Politics Wales programme if she agreed with Mr Skates, Climate Change Minister Julie James MS said: "I think it's a matter for Plaid Cymru.

"They will want to look very carefully at that report and it's a matter for them to put their own house in order.

"The difficulty with the Welsh system, of course, is that we have to work with someone and, actually, co-operation agreements across the parties in Wales are things that have brought stability to Wales and support from a large number of people.

"So, it's about more than that, isn't it?

"But the party clearly needs to look at that report very carefully," Ms James added.

In a statement, the party's Senedd Group said: "Plaid Cymru Group members have actively established confidential avenues through which staff could raise any concerns they may have about the culture within the party.

"The Plaid Cymru Senedd group share the wider party's distress upon reading the findings of Nerys Evans's report and echo the calls for the recommendations to be implemented at pace".

On ITV's Sharp End previously, Plaid Cymru Senedd group chairman Mr Gruffydd denied claims made in a Wales Online article of a "toxic atmosphere" in his party where people are afraid to report allegations.

He said he did not recognise that there was a wider problem within Plaid Cymru.

Mr Fletcher, Mr ap Iorwerth and Mr Gruffydd were also approached for comment.

Taiwan has been struck by its most powerful earthquake in 25 years, which measured 7.4 in magnitude

BBC Asia Correspondent, Rupert Wingfield-Hayes explains how the earthquake unfolded, reporting from the capital, Taipei.

The US says it has held discussions with Russia aimed at bringing jailed American journalist Evan Gershkovich home - but that there is no "clear pathway" to his release.

Asked about a prisoner swap, National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan said the US was "prepared to do hard things" to get Mr Gershkovich back.

The Wall Street Journal reporter, accused of espionage, was arrested on 29 March.

The US says the case is baseless.

It accuses Russia of holding Mr Gershkovich for "leverage".

Mr Sullivan's comments on Friday confirmed an earlier Kremlin statement about "contacts" over the case.

He said that "there have been discussions, but those discussions have not produced a clear pathway to a resolution".

"We are prepared to do hard things in order to get our citizens home, including getting Evan home. I do not want to give false hope," he said. "We have a clear commitment and conviction that we will do everything possible to bring him home."

On 22 June a Moscow court rejected an appeal to free Mr Gershkovich, 31, who is being held at Lefortovo, where the Soviet KGB formerly held dissidents.

On Tuesday the Kremlin said there had been "certain contacts" with the US over Mr Gershkovich's case, suggesting the possibility of a prisoner exchange.

The previous day US ambassador Lynne Tracy was allowed to visit Mr Gershkovich in a Moscow prison for only the second time. He is the first Western journalist to be jailed in Russia since the Soviet era.

Russian embassy staff also recently visited Vladimir Dunaev, a Russian national detained in the US on cybercrime charges. He was extradited to the US from South Korea in 2021.

There is speculation that a new prisoner swap may be arranged.

The US has also been pressing for the release of Paul Whelan, a former US Marine who has been in jail for more than four years.

Mr Whelan is in Mordovia, an area far south east of Moscow known for harsh conditions in its prison camps.

And after being jailed for 10 months, basketball star Brittney Griner was released in December after the US brokered a prison swap and released Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout, who was imprisoned in the US over weapons smuggling.

Preparation sessions for Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday are a crucial couple of hours in the Westminster timetable.

The prime minister and the leader of the opposition sit down with their key advisers to try out attack lines and taunts, master the facts and, crucially, come up with some jokes.

Yes, politics is a profoundly serious business, but humour can be a deadly verbal weapon, and create a moment that will leap into the headlines.

And for opposition leaders, that chance to grab the country's attention is what PMQs is all about.

Sir Keir Starmer, publicly, is not exactly known for cracking gags.

His early performances at PMQs were not full of levity, one columnist joked back then that even a smile was a collector's item.

But now, more than three years into the job, after many months ahead in the polls, one of Sir Keir's confidants tells me he is coming up with more of his own jokes.

"He wouldn't accept 'I can't do humour'", they tell me, and now will increasingly suggest wisecracks rather than rely on others' lines.

It is a small, but revealing change in what insiders describe as his strict political regime, a sign of his growing ease, and "fiercely competitive" nature, a refusal ever to accept that he can't do things to get better at the job.

The Labour leader has good reason to be increasingly confident that he will one day walk through Number 10's shiny black door.

A lot has gone right since he took over back in spring 2020, a political lifetime ago.

A Labour source says his three phase plan - "fix the party, trash the Tories, then develop an offer" - has been "vindicated", recalling in the early days their many critics said he was "being too slow", or "trying to bounce us early" into making big decisions.

Remember too, when Sir Keir won the leadership there were warnings that Labour might even cease to exist.

They had been absolutely hammered in the 2019 election. There had been years of vicious infighting, and agonies over antisemitism.

By any measure, restoring the party to a credible political organisation is an enormous accomplishment.

Without question, Sir Keir has been helped by the Conservatives' rolling series of crises - the chaos of Boris Johnson's downfall, the market meltdown of Liz Truss' several dozens of days in office, and now the profound problems in the economy.

The Starmer smile is on show more often at PMQs

But even with the much more ordered regime of Rishi Sunak, Labour has managed to stay significantly ahead in the polls, making important advances in local elections, and soon to be tested again in a flurry of by-elections you can read about here.

As a result of a solid and sustained opinion poll lead, Labour is thinking not just about how to win anymore, but in detail about what they would do if they get there.

Sir Keir is the first to warn of complacency, repeatedly telling his team to fight "like they are five points behind".

But there is no question he is mulling over how he would govern.

"He is thinking, I want to be ready and I want to be a good prime minister," says an ally.

Another source tells me he is already using a red box system, like a prime minister would.

"Everything goes in by late afternoon with a hard deadline and he spends his evenings poring over papers, ideas, drafts, or submissions", all dealt with by the morning.

But it may be more than a year still until he has the chance to swap the bag that holds his papers for a real government red box. And there is still an awful lot that could go wrong.

Sensing the opportunity and worrying it could go south is "scary as hell", says a shadow minister.

There is a widespread awareness that Labour's massive lead now is likely to narrow as a general election comes closer.

The Tories "aren't dead", says one shadow minister and their party HQ has one of the most successful campaign fighting records in the Western world.

And the first rule of politics is always, learn to count.

Labour's poll lead over the Conservatives is expected to narrow

A whopping national poll lead does not automatically translate into winning many more seats in a general election, as one Labour MP in a tightly-fought constituency worries - "The biggest danger is that you rack up big majorities and don't seal the deal with enough of the seats".

Sir Keir's team can't change the fact that Labour fell so far behind in 2019 that winning an overall majority isn't just climbing a mountain, more scaling the Himalayas. They also of course, like any political organisation, can't control unforeseen events that can shape how voters make decisions.

Not much however is without risk, even issues that ought to be within Starmer's control.

First, one source half jokes what could go wrong is "The Labour Party"!

The danger is "it loses discipline and focus and makes unforced errors", they tell me.

"It's been 20 years since we won a general election", they add, and the party simply doesn't have the habit.

A shadow minister says "we have to hold our nerve" and not make any mistakes, or give into pressure from the left of the party.

The leadership has been accused of control freakery, trying to suppress the left, expelling party members unfairly.

But a source says the danger of disputes with the left is "way down the risk register", the focus has to be on potential voters.

One shadow minister believes Sir Keir thinks "I can't be in government and dependent on these people".

The logic goes that battles with the left over who gets to run as a Labour MP now are well worth having to avoid having an awkward squad that could make life difficult in Parliament later. Particularly if Labour has to try to run the country as a minority government or with a tiny majority.

The Labour leader has his eyes firmly on Number 10

The leadership's most central strategy is one of the reasons why there are grumbles on the left - and that is risky too.

As we heard from Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves last week, and Sir Keir is likely to argue in our interview on Sunday morning, Labour has put watching the pennies strictly at the top of its list.

With the economy in serious trouble, they share some of the ethos of the current government, however uncomfortable that might feel, that now is not the time for huge spending or huge tax cuts.

That discipline means the party has dropped or watered down some promises that activists loved - the plan for free university tuition in England, delaying big spending proposals for green projects.

No-one is getting promises from Rachel Reeves' cheque book, as we talked about last week.

It has had an effect on the leader's reputation.

One union leader says Starmer has "had the blame for shifts in policy that have made him look a bit shifty".

And there is concern that all the talk of keeping a lid on spending on what Keir Starmer once described as "good Labour things" will lead voters to wonder what Labour really would offer.

Another senior figure tells me: "The economy is on its knees - sitting there saying, we are very sensible, who is going to listen to that?"

There is also a question of the political argument being made.

Keir Starmer and his team have made the case for many years that the deep roots of many of the country's problems relate to the austerity of the coalition years, when George Osborne kept strict limits on spending.

But if Labour's plan does not include filling in the holes financially to undo that damage, does that stack up?

One of his MPs, not from the far left of the party, ponders "it is pretty hard to criticise this government without acknowledging the damage that austerity has caused, and then not say you would spend more… no-one really believes that he wouldn't spend more". As Labour approaches its National Policy Forum next week, an important powwow with activists and unions, calls for more ambition, like from the leader of the Unite union, Sharon Graham, may become familiar.

Stressing the importance of reforming and improving public services, and getting the economy growing without spending billions extra and certainly not borrowing without good reason.

Labour's top team is stuck like glue to the idea that they have to show they would keep a tight grip on public spending, almost as if they are traumatised by past elections when the Conservatives have run the attack that they would splash the cash.

A senior figure suggests the leadership is "very nervous about making any wrong moves on the economy".

But those at the top believe the messiness of the past few months, particularly the rising cost of mortgages, make discipline even more important.

One shadow minister says: "The mortgage stuff hits homeowners in places like Stevenage and Luton, swing voters, who are looking for people who are serious on the economy."

But insiders acknowledge turning discipline into electoral excitement might not be easy. Making promises about abstract reform doesn't necessarily get voters running to the polling booths.

As Parliament packs up for the summer, there is no question that Sir Keir Starmer has cause to be confident. His party is well ahead, but risk is all around.

There are traps to avoid, big decisions to take, many thousands of miles of campaigning still to go.

With less time to play football, the Labour leader now tries to stay in a hotel with a gym, to run on a treadmill.

After more than three years in the job, even having clocked up many successes, he knows the journey to the job he craves in Number 10 is still a marathon, not a sprint.

Elle Edwards was an innocent bystander when she was shot outside a pub

A man has been found guilty of murdering Elle Edwards who was shot outside a pub on Christmas Eve.

Ms Edwards was an innocent bystander when Connor Chapman opened fire with a sub-machine gun as he targeted two men in the culmination of a gang feud.

The beautician, 26, was enjoying a night out with friends when she was shot outside the Lighthouse in Wirral.

Tim Edwards called his daughter's killer "a coward" as he was taken down to the cells at Liverpool Crown Court.

He had tears in his eyes and stared at Chapman as the verdicts were returned and quietly said, "yes".

Speaking outside court, he said: "It's a big relief because now we can start again.

"We've been through hell and we deserve now to be given a life back that we had before, which will never be the same.

"It's now a new chapter, it's a new beginning for our family.

"It's the worst day, but the best of the worst days."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Tim Edwards describes Connor Chapman as a "coward" following the verdict

Co-defendant Thomas Waring, 20, was also found guilty of the possession of a prohibited firearm and assisting an offender by helping to burn out the stolen Mercedes used in the shooting.

Mr Justice Goose said he would sentence Chapman and Waring at 14:00 BST on Friday.

As the judge told the security guards to take both men to the cells, Mr Edwards said "coward" to Chapman, who had hidden in the far corner of the dock to try to keep out of view.

The trial heard the attack followed a feud between gangs on the Woodchurch and Beechwood estates, on either side of the M53 in Wirral.

Connor Chapman and Thomas Waring were convicted following a three-and-a-half week trial

The prosecution said Chapman was attempting to kill Kieran Salkeld and Jake Duffy, both of whom were seriously injured in the shooting.

The pair, from the Beechwood estate, had attacked another man, Sam Searson, in the street the day before, the trial was told.

Three other men who were unconnected to the feud, Harry Loughran, Liam Carr and Nicholas Speed, were also injured in the shooting.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Footage of Connor Chapman's attack, which killed Elle Edwards, is released.

Chapman lay in wait outside the pub in a stolen Mercedes for almost three hours before firing the weapon, which was capable of firing 15 rounds a second.

He told the jury he had not been using the vehicle, which he described as a "pool car" for him and other criminals, on the night of the murder but had given the car key to another man, whom he refused to name.

CCTV footage showed Chapman drive away from the Lighthouse in the moments after the shooting and then arrive at Private Drive in Barnston, the home of Waring.

He was then seen in the footage appearing to drop the gun as he walked towards Waring's home.

Ms Edwards was fatally shot outside the Lighthouse pub

Chapman admitted a charge of handling stolen goods before the trial started.

He told the jury on 31 December he had travelled with the unnamed man who took the car key when the Mercedes was burnt out in Frodsham, Cheshire.

He denied that Waring had been with him, although mobile phone evidence showed Waring's phone travelled with the car.

Chapman fled to a holiday home in Montgomery in Wales and was arrested at a Tesco store in Newtown in Wales on 10 January.

Chapman was also found guilty of attempted murder, two counts of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, as well as possession of a gun and ammunition.

Both men were convicted following a three-and-a-half week trial with the jury deliberating for three hours and 48 minutes.

Chapman used a Skorpion sub-machine gun similar to the one which was shown to the jury

On Thursday morning, before the jury was sent out to deliberate, Waring appeared in the dock with a red mark visible above his eye and on his cheekbone.

In a hearing which can be reported following the conclusion of the trial, William England, defending Waring, said he had been attacked after arriving back at HMP Altcourse on Wednesday.

He said: "He was smashed around the side of the face with a kettle and told 'that's what happens to grasses'."

Mr England said the man who carried out the attack later said if he had not done it, he would have been stabbed.

Waring did not give evidence in the trial but, in cross-examination, his barrister suggested Chapman had gone to his home on Private Drive, Barnston, following the shooting.

Chapman claimed he was at home all night and denied claims he was the man seen on CCTV near Waring's home.

Speaking after the verdict, Det Supt Paul Grounds said Chapman had "continued to deny his involvement in Elle's death, forcing her family to endure the ordeal of a trial where they have had to relive over and over the last moments of her life".

"His cowardly actions on that night rightly shocked the whole of Merseyside and the UK," he said.

He said Chapman's decision to fire at the crowd outside the pub showed the "arrogance and contempt he had for anyone else".

Waring helped to burn out the stolen Mercedes after Ms Edwards was murdered

Det Supt Grounds said the jury had "seen through" Chapman's lies and "righty convicted him", adding: "I am pleased that we have secured justice for Elle and her family and that a dangerous man has been removed from the streets."

Merseyside Police and Crime Commissioner Emily Spurrell said the force has worked "around the clock" with many officers "forsaking their own Christmases" to support the victims, reassure people nearby and "bring Chapman to justice".

She said she wanted to thank the "many brave witnesses" who came forward with evidence "to ensure this toxic individual was brought to justice and the wider community of Wallasey who pulled together with empathy and compassion".

"Dangerous, ruthless individuals like Chapman will never be welcome in Merseyside."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The EU's research and innovation programme is worth €95bn

PM Rishi Sunak should not go back on his pledge to re-join the EU's science research programme, the President of The Royal Society has warned.

Prof Sir Adrian Smith told BBC News that reneging on government promises would be damaging to UK science.

His comments follow reports that Rishi Sunak was holding back on re-joining the €95bn programme, known as Horizon.

BBC News understands that he is considering renegotiating a cut-down version of the Horizon programme.

The Royal Society represents Britain's leading scientists. Prof Smith told BBC News that ministers had consistently said that they were fully supportive of full association with the Horizon programme once the EU gave the green light.

"There is a great deal of concern and anxiety at the rumours that there is now a desire to renegotiate our association of the Horizon programme.

"It will mean that the continuing uncertainty will drift on and we will have more of the problems we are already seeing, such as a brain drain and the exclusion of leadership from major programmes," he said.

European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen said talks on Horizon would begin immediately once the Windsor agreement was implemented

The assumption was that if differences over the Northern Ireland Protocol could be resolved, the UK would fully re-join the Horizon programme under terms similar to those it had before Brexit.

But BBC News understands that Mr Sunak is keen on an alternative research programme put together by ministers, known as "Plan B". This would be a UK-led programme involving collaboration with non-EU as well as European nations. It was developed in case a research agreement could not be reached with the EU.

Sources say that while some aspects of the Horizon programme are appealing to the Prime Minister, such as grants to individual scientists, he believes that larger institutional grants favour France and Germany and may not represent good value for money.

Prof Sir Adrian Smith: ''anxiety and concern'' among the UK's leading scientists

While no decision has yet been taken, one option under consideration is for a complete renegotiation of the terms of the Horizon agreement currently in place with the EU. This would allow the UK government to sign up to those parts of the programme that appealed, then use the remainder of the money that would otherwise have been spent on Horizon on its Plan B.

Prof Smith told BBC News that he didn't believe that such a plan would work.

"There is an assumption that we are in charge of the renegotiation and that we can have the good bits and get out of the not so good bits. All history shows that this kind of cherry-picking and negotiation Is not up for grabs.

''The whole thing is a package and the point is that the entire programme has in the past been good for the UK," he said.

Prof Sarah Main of the Campaign for Science and Engineering said that the UK's previous fruitful membership of the EU programme had attracted investment from the hi-tech companies her organisation represents and that her members want nothing short of the full association that is currently on the table.

"We want to see this with all speed. If the Prime Minister has not been close to the discussion, we need to make clear that that is the message from the research community and in the UK's economic interest to secure this deal as quickly as possible," she said.

Prof James Wilsdon, a specialist in research policy at University College London, said the failure to commit to the current arrangement on offer from the EU showed that the government was not listening to the science community.

"To keep the whole UK research system hanging on in limbo for two years while we ostensibly seek association; then to walk away when we finally have it in our grasp would, I think, be for many UK scientists, the final straw," he said.

Horizon Europe is a collaborative research programme involving Europe's leading research institutes and hi-tech companies. EU member nations each contribute funds which are then allocated to individuals or organisations by expert scientists based on the merit of research proposals.

The government negotiated associate membership of the programme in the withdrawal agreement following Brexit, because it felt it was important for the UK to be involved. But the EU went back on its part of the deal after disputes emerged over the Northern Ireland Protocol and British involvement in the prestigious programme has been left in limbo ever since.

The agreement of the Windsor Framework last week paved the way for the UK to re-join.

When the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and Mr Sunak were asked about re-entry to the Horizon programme at a joint press conference, Ms von der Leyen enthusiastically remarked that it was "good news for scientists and researchers, in the European Union and in the UK," but Mr Sunak did not comment.

He also failed to make a commitment to the programme when asked at Prime Minister's Questions this week and the FT has reported that he was holding back on committing to the programme.

Downing Street has been approached for comment but has not responded.

Stormzy is helping to fund more black or mixed-race heritage undergraduates at Cambridge University

Grime artist Stormzy has pledged to support a further 36 black students studying at Cambridge University over the next three years.

Each will receive a £20,000 annual scholarship in a continuing partnership between banking group HSBC UK and the musician's charity, #Merky Foundation.

It is five years since the Stormzy Scholarships were launched. By 2026, 81 students will have received one.

Stormzy said the opportunity for black students was "theirs for the taking".

The university said the "Stormzy effect" had seen applications from UK black students rise, with those admitted to undergraduate courses doubling, from 61 students in 2018 to 141 students in 2022.

HSBC has pledged £2m to support 30 new Stormzy Scholarships over the next three years, while #Merky Foundation will continue to fund a further two students a year.

The musician said: "For a further 30 black students to have the opportunity to study at Cambridge University - the same year we celebrate five years of the scholarships' launch - feels like an incredible landmark moment.

They are aimed at alleviating financial worries for students from "less advantaged socio-economic background", the university said.

Prof Bhaskar Vira said they were "grateful" for the funding to help those who "feel marginalised"

Prof Bhaskar Vira, pro-vice-chancellor for education, said he was "delighted" the collaboration was continuing.

"We know these scholarships are truly transformative in the opportunities they provide and we look forward to welcoming more Stormzy scholars to Cambridge over the next few years," he said.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook and Instagram. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or get in touch via WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The six-tonne spacecraft has a long journey ahead of it

The European Space Agency (Esa) has postponed a planned launch of a satellite to the planet Jupiter.

Weather conditions showed there was a risk of lightning to the mission that aims to establish if the planet's moons could sustain life.

Esa says it will try to launch the rocket again on Friday.

The eight-year journey from Earth to reach Jupiter's major moons is one of the organisation's most ambitious missions ever.

There's good evidence that these the moons' icy worlds - Callisto, Europa and Ganymede - hold oceans of liquid water at depth.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Michele Dougherty: "You need patience and a vision to investigate the outer Solar System"

The project is known as the Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer, or Juice for short.

Juice is not seeking to detect life - it will not be sending back pictures of alien fish. But it could help determine whether conditions in the moons' hidden oceans have at least a chance of supporting simple microbial organisms.

This isn't a crazy idea, says Prof Carole Mundell, the director of science at Esa.

"In every extreme environment on Earth, whether that's high acidity, high radioactivity, low temperature, high temperature - we find microbial life in some form," she told BBC News.

"If you look at the (volcanic) vents at the bottom of Earth's oceans, these even look like alien worlds. There's no reason why that microbial life should not be able to exist elsewhere, if we have similar conditions. And it's those conditions that we want to study with Juice."

Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei identified Jupiter's four major moons in 1610. Only Io (top) will not be visited during the mission

The €1.6bn (£1.4bn; $1.7bn) mission was supposed to launch on Thursday on an Ariane-5 rocket from Kourou, French Guiana, at 09:15 local time (13:15 BST).

The Ariane doesn't have the energy to send Juice directly to Jupiter, certainly not within a useful timeframe.

Instead, it will dispatch the spacecraft on a path around the inner Solar System. A series of fly-bys of Venus and Earth will then gravitationally sling the mission out to its intended destination.

Arrival in the Jovian system is expected in July 2031.

Juice will perform 35 close passes of the moons - getting to within 400km (250 miles) of their surfaces on occasion - before settling into orbit around Ganymede.

The spacecraft carries a total of 10 instruments. There are various cameras, particle detectors, a radar to map sub-surface features; there's even a lidar, which is used to make 3D maps of surface terrain.

But it is the UK-provided magnetometer that could provide some of the most influential data. The Imperial College London-built experiment will tell us about the properties of the moons' hidden oceans. And at Ganymede, in particular, the information should be quite detailed.

"We'll know the depth of the ocean, its salt content, how deep the crust is above the ocean, and whether the ocean is in contact with the rocky mantle," explained Prof Michele Dougherty, Imperial's magnetometer principal investigator.

"So, we'll get an understanding of the interior structure of the moon, and from observations from other instruments looking at the surface, we'll be able to resolve if there is organic material on that surface."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Carole Mundell: "Liquid water we think is a precondition for habitability"

Earth has taught us that life requires four essential inputs: liquid water, nutrients of some kind, an energy source, and time - an extended period of stability during which biology can get a foothold and establish itself.

We've long considered Mars to be the most likely candidate to host extra-terrestrial life, if not today then sometime in its distant past.

But for astrobiologists - scientists who study the possibility of life elsewhere in the Universe - the ice-covered moons of Jupiter and also Saturn are really starting to pique their interest.

Tiny alien-looking worms can be found at deep-sea volcanic vents on Earth

These worlds may be in the cold, outer reaches of the Solar System, far from the Sun, but they could just be able to satisfy the four inputs - even for a supply of energy. It's not light and warmth from a star, but the constant gravitational squeezing and pushing the giant planets exert on the moons.

It's this flexure that provides the means to keep water in liquid form and could also drive the kind of volcanic vent systems on ocean floors that Prof Mundell mentions and which some scientists think could have been the origin of life on Earth.

"If I were a betting man, I'd probably put my money on Europa having life that is alive, that exists today," says Prof Lewis Dartnell, an astrobiologist at the University of Westminster. "The chances of that are much higher than finding extant (living) life on Mars today."

Artwork: The US space agency will launch the Clipper spacecraft next year

The US will be launching its companion mission, known as Clipper, next year. It will focus on Europa, making 50 fly-bys, some as low at 25km.

The close pass of a planetary destination is usually followed by a later spacecraft going into orbit and then a further mission attempting to land.

This is how exploration has progressed at Mars, where we're about to make one additional step - that of trying to bring material back to Earth to study in the lab.

Investigations at Jupiter's and Saturn's moons are not as advanced in the sequence, but it's possible to envisage ventures later this century that could land on these fascinating outer Solar System bodies and seek to drill through their icy crusts and sample the waters below.

"If we find evidence for life on the moons of Saturn or Jupiter, then almost certainly it would be of independent origin," says Astronomer Royal, Prof Sir Martin Rees.

"That then would carry a momentous message that life - if it had started twice, independently, in our Solar System - can't be a rare fluke, and almost certainly exists in a billion places in our galaxy, and it completely transforms the way we look at the sky."

Stormont parties are travelling to the US this week for St Patrick's Day festivities

When travelling to the United States for a short stay, you have two choices.

Do what former Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis used to do and keep your body clock on Belfast time.

Manage through early morning gym sessions, and early to bed in the evening.

Jet lag, he said, was never a problem.

Or do what the rest of us do: reset our body clock to Washington time and battle through the jet lag.

But be it in Belfast or Washington this week for the St Patrick's Day festivities, we are all working to DUP time whether we like it or not.

Waiting for the party to deliver its verdict on the Windsor Framework, and then waiting on what that judgements means, for a return of Stormont.

Are we likely to see a reset in power sharing in time for the Good Friday Agreement 25th anniversary next month?

That is the question which will loom large over the many political gatherings in Washington this week.

The man with the answer will be here, but don't expect him to give much away.

DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson announced the party had set up an eight-member panel to gauge opinion on the new deal

Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has set a consultation process in motion led by former party leader Peter Robinson to canvass opinion on the Windsor Framework.

That will allow him to dodge the big question during his US trip.

Time and space are being afforded to the party to make the right call.

However, according to some DUP sources, we may end up with two calls: the party rejecting the Windsor Framework because it falls short of some of its well-flagged seven tests; but the party agreeing to return to Stormont at some point after listening to the many views it plans to canvass.

That would involve breaking the link between the revised protocol arrangements and the party's return to the institutions.

Some in the party might argue they were never formally linked at the outset as the seven tests were set seven months before the DUP collapsed the executive.

That scenario of rejecting the deal but resetting Stormont was supported in the weekend Lucid Talk poll.

It showed support among unionist voters for the DUP to say no to the new framework, but growing support for the party to return to Stormont.

Though they won't admit it, polls have played a part in DUP decision making in the past.

There is another big question which will also loom large in Washington this week and it is a question which will likely be answered come Friday.

Is President Biden going to visit Northern Ireland next month to join in the Good Friday Agreement anniversary celebrations?

The answer is likely to be yes, with 19 April being suggested as a possible date.

US officials have already been spotted in Northern Ireland preparing for the trip.

The formal invitation from Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is also a big indicator.

If he does come, President Biden is likely to travel north during a wider visit to the Republic of Ireland and his ancestral roots in Mayo.

Expect confirmation later this week when he meets Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar in the White House.

A possible date for US President Joe Biden's visit is 19 April

It was rumoured President Biden was hoping to address assembly members at a sitting session in Stormont - but only if it had been fully restored.

That seems unlikely as Sir Jeffrey has made it clear he is not working to that timeline.

That could leave us with the spectacle once more of marking a Good Friday Agreement milestone with the institutions it created in lockdown.

It didn't dampen the celebrations for the 20th anniversary and is unlikely to do so again, especially if the DUP jury is still out.

It's going to be a hectic run-in, beginning this week in Washington, and all our body clocks may need to be reset when it's over.

Declan Harvey and Tara Mills explore the text of the Good Friday Agreement - the deal which heralded the end of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.

They look at what the Agreement actually said and hear from some of the people who helped get the deal across the line.

Click here to listen to the full box set on BBC Sounds.

Tim Edwards, pictured on a climb of Mount Snowdon, with his daughter Elle

The father of Elle Edwards, who was shot dead outside a pub on Christmas Eve, has said his mission is now to stop gun violence on Merseyside.

Tim Edwards' 26-year-old daughter was killed when Connor Chapman, 23, opened fire with a Skorpion sub-machine gun at the Lighthouse pub in Wirral.

Chapman injured five other people when he fired 12 shots before driving away from the scene in a stolen Mercedes.

He was found guilty on Thursday and will be sentenced later.

Following his conviction, Mr Edwards said he wanted to do "all I can" to stop the cycle of gun violence in the area.

Last year also saw the fatal shootings of nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel, Ashley Dale and Sam Rimmer.

"We need to be doing something now," Mr Edwards said.

"My focus is to stop another Elle Edwards, another Ashley Dale, another Olivia Pratt-Korbel and if I can be part of something that helps stop these kids doing these horrendous crimes, then I'll do all I can."

He added: "The most powerful thing we have is the sense of community, it's still there in these places.

"I think a lot of people maybe are afraid because they're intimidated by these gangs who are hanging around, but if we stick together, we're going to win every time."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The moment Connor Chapman is arrested in a Tesco in Wales

Former Liverpool gang boss Sicarius McGrath, who now works with charities across the UK to prevent gun violence, said stop and search should be a tool used more readily on Merseyside.

He said: "If we go back from 2009, up until about 2013 I was stopped daily, numerous times on Merseyside and it disrupted me.

"It made me more reluctant to carry weapons and it definitely reduced the amount of times I used a weapon and committed serious violence. So it definitely does work."

He added: "You're never going to stop someone from getting hold of a weapon if they want one, there's a knife in every kitchen drawer.

"Guns are much more difficult to source but nevertheless, people are going source them one way or another. We're never going to stop it the only thing that can be done is to reduce it, and then manage it more effectively."

Merseyside Police and Crime Commissioner Emily Spurrell said there had been a "huge amount of work done" to crackdown on criminal groups but argued more cash was needed to help fight gun violence.

She said: "We are still 450 officers short of where we were in 2010. We lost about 1,100 officers in Merseyside and that doesn't include our PCSOs and staff.

"But I've always said, you can't just turn the tap back on and expect things to go back to the way they were, we've seen 10 years of austerity that has damaged our public services.

"It's going to take time for us to build up that expertise again to get our officers trained up to support them, so they're in the best position to be able to tackle some of these issues."

The Home Office has been contacted for comment.

Chapman is due to be sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court later.

Mr Justice Goose has told the court he would consider imposing a whole life order.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

British nationals waiting to board an RAF aircraft in Sudan

The final UK rescue flights are expected to take off from Sudan on Wednesday, the government has said.

Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said British nationals still wanting to leave the country should go to the Coral Hotel in Port Sudan by 10:00 local time (09:00 BST).

He added that there would be "no further British evacuation flights" from the city.

Some 2,341 people have so far been airlifted to safety on 28 UK flights.

It was previously thought the evacuation had ended on Monday when planes left Sudan for Cyprus.

The UK government has described its evacuation as "the longest and largest operation of any Western nation".

Those rescued during the airlift include Britons, their dependents, Sudanese NHS staff and other eligible nationalities.

Earlier on Tuesday, Downing Street said 1,195 British nationals had been airlifted out so far.

Last week, a negotiated, short-term ceasefire allowed UK evacuation flights to take off from an airstrip near Khartoum, while the fragile ceasefire held.

On Monday evening, two additional evacuation flights left Port Sudan carrying mainly British nationals.

The most recent two flights brought 144 people to safety.

Speaking earlier in the House of Commons, Africa Minister Andrew Mitchell told MPs the evacuation had "been extremely successful".

He said the UK was maintaining a diplomatic presence in Port Sudan, as well as at Sudan's borders with Egypt and Ethiopia.

And the HMS Lancaster ship is off the coast to support Britons.

Efforts are now focused on Port Sudan, "helping British nationals there who are seeking to leave", Mr Mitchell said.

He went on: "Foreign Office staff who remain are helping British nationals to leave the country, signposting options for departure.

"British nationals in Port Sudan who require support should visit our team without delay."

He said ending the violence "remains essential", and said that "aid operations are now at a standstill".

Previously, BBC Newsnight had reported that 24 NHS doctors had been unable to board evacuation flights to the UK.

MPs were told that the latest figures showed 22 of them had now been evacuated out of the country.

A Sudanese paediatrician whose family's passports were locked in the British embassy in Khartoum has now been evacuated.

Elham Babikir, who had been offered a job at Telford NHS Trust and granted a visa, was in the final stages of moving to the UK when the fighting broke out. Along with her husband and three young children, she was consequently stranded in Sudan.

After fleeing to the countryside, she eventually travelled to Port Sudan to seek assistance from the British authorities based there. In the last 24 hours she was granted a place on an evacuation flight after an intervention from the NHS.

She said: "The officials there were so nice to us… The NHS helped with our evacuation."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Baby meets father for first time after evacuation from Sudan to UK

Speaking earlier on Tuesday to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Cleverly said the focus was shifting to providing humanitarian aid, though he warned that relief efforts were likely to be impeded by continuing conflict.

Fighting in the country is in its third week, with thousands of people fleeing since the conflict broke out.

Fighting erupted last month between the Sudanese military and paramilitary group the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) as they wrestled for control of the country - with the capital Khartoum at the centre of the heaviest fighting.

More than 100,000 people have fled the country since fighting broke out on 15 April, the United Nations has said, with a further 334,000 people displaced within Sudan.

Officials are warning of an "all-out catastrophe" if fighting does not end.

Meanwhile, the BBC has announced the launch of an emergency radio service to be broadcast into Sudan.

The pop-up radio service, to be broadcast twice daily for three months on the BBC World Service, will provide "crucial" news and information for people based in the war-torn African nation.

It will include eyewitness accounts and news on diplomatic efforts, the BBC said, and help counter disinformation.

The Colchester Vase depicts a pair of gladiators named Memnon and Valentinus

Gladiator fights were once staged in Roman-occupied Britain, new research suggests.

Tests have proven that the Colchester Vase - an ancient artefact which depicts a fight between combatants - was locally made and decorated.

With no written information, this was the "only evidence" of such duels in Britain, the head of Colchester and Ipswich Museums told The Observer.

The findings have led to "startling new conclusions", Frank Hargrave added.

The vase in question, which is nearly two millennia old, was used as a cremation vessel and discovered in a Roman grave in Colchester in the mid-1800s.

The 23cm-high (9in) vessel, made around AD 160-200, is described as "one of the most important, and perhaps famous, pots from Roman Britain" by Colchester Museums.

It depicts scenes which may have been witnessed in a Roman arena - namely animal hunts and a duel between a pair of gladiators.

Mr Hargrave told The Observer that the vase was of "such high quality that there's been a bit of snobbery, an assumption that it couldn't possibly have come from Britain."

But, he said, the fresh research had "put that to bed."

As well as confirming that the artefact was made from local clay, the analysis crucially showed the names of gladiators Memnon and Valentinus were written into the clay while the pot was being made.

It was previously believed that the inscriptions had been added after the vase had been fired - suggesting less of a link between the decoration and local events.

Analysis of the human remains inside the pot suggested the deceased person was aged over 40, and may have come from overseas.

Glynn Davis, a senior curator of Colchester and Ipswich Museums, told The Observer that the vase may have belonged to a sponsor of the gladiatorial fight depicted.

The item is due to go on display at Colchester Castle from 15 July, along with other significant Roman finds.

Colchester is one of England's most historic cities, having become the capital of Roman Britain soon after the conquest of AD 43, and known as Camulodunum.

Previous discoveries have indicated the presence of Roman-era gladiators in Britain, even if the evidence of arena combat here has been more thin.

Skeletons from an ancient "gladiator cemetery" went on display in York in 2011, although archaeologists said they could not be certain the men were fighters.

One of the world's biggest carmakers has warned it may have to close UK factories if the government does not renegotiate the Brexit deal.

Stellantis, which owns Vauxhall, Peugeot, Citroen and Fiat, had committed to making electric cars in the UK, but says that is under threat.

It warned it could face tariffs of 10% on exports to the EU due to rules on where parts are sourced from.

In response to the comments, Rishi Sunak said he believed in Brexit.

"I voted for Brexit, I believe in Brexit," the prime minister told reporters while travelling to the G7 Summit of world leaders in Japan.

Mr Sunak cited what he called "Brexit benefits" he introduced as chancellor and reforms to retained EU law which he said would save business a billion pounds a year.

He did not directly address concerns made by Stellantis, but a spokesperson said the government was "determined" UK car making would remain competitive.

It is the first time a car firm has openly called for a renegotiation of the terms of the Brexit trade deal, and the BBC understands all major manufacturers in the UK have raised similar concerns with government.

Stellantis warned that if the cost of electric vehicle manufacturing in the UK "becomes uncompetitive and unsustainable, operations will close".

The car giant called on ministers to come to an agreement with the EU to maintain the status quo until 2027, with a review of arrangements for manufacturing parts in Serbia and Morocco.

Labour's Sir Keir Starmer said the country needed "a better Brexit deal" to ensure firms such as Vauxhall could continue operating in the UK.

Sources said Business and Trade Secretary Kemi Badenoch had a "constructive" virtual meeting with Stellantis on Wednesday, with them "cautiously optimistic" after conversations with the EU which recognised a deal was in both parties' interest.

Just two years ago, Stellantis, which is the world's fourth biggest car maker, said the future of its Ellesmere Port and Luton plants was secure.

But the firm told a House of Commons inquiry the current trade rules posed a "threat to our export business and sustainability of our UK manufacturing operations".

From next year, 45% of the value of an electric car should originate in the UK or EU to qualify for trade without tariffs. This will rise to 65% in 2027.

Stellantis said it was "now unable to meet these rules of origin" due to the recent surge in raw material and energy costs.

If the government cannot get an agreement to keep the current rules until 2027, exports of its UK-made cars "would be subject to 10% tariffs" from next year, it said.

This would make the UK an uncompetitive place to manufacture cars compared with Japan and South Korea, it added.

"To reinforce the sustainability of our manufacturing plants in the UK, the UK must consider its trading arrangements with Europe," Stellantis said.

A government spokesperson said ministers will take "decisive action" to ensure future investment in the industry but Labour said car makers had been let down by a "government in chaos".

Trading rules around electric cars were one of the very last issues settled in the Brexit negotiations in 2020.

But Stellantis warned the current rules meant manufacturers could relocate abroad, pointing to BMW's decision to make its new electric Mini in Germany and Honda's closure of its plant in Swindon.

Along with trade barriers, a core problem remains the lack of electric car battery plants in the UK, when compared with the US, China and EU which are pouring subsidies into electric car making.

Former Nissan executive and battery start-up businessman Andy Palmer said the UK was "running out of time" to develop its own battery manufacturing industry.

Earlier this week, French President Emmanuel Macron hosted Tesla's Elon Musk, who hinted he might invest in a battery plant - or gigafactory - in France.

Meanwhile, the Spanish government is currently trying to woo the UK's biggest car manufacturer, Jaguar Land Rover, into building a gigafactory in Spain.

With the rules due to tighten again in 2027 experts believe UK exporters will find it impossible to sell cars overseas tariff free unless they can source batteries domestically.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Tottenham returned to the Premier League's top four for the first time since February by beating Nottingham Forest.

The hosts opened the scoring inside 15 minutes when Forest defender Murillo diverted Timo Werner's cross into his own net.

Forest levelled 12 minutes later through Chris Wood, who finished off Anthony Elanga's cross.

But centre-back Micky van de Ven restored Tottenham's lead in the 52nd minute with a thunderous shot from the edge of the penalty area that found the top corner.

And six minutes later, Pedro Porro netted a third for Spurs, hammering in James Maddison's pass across goal.

Victory meant Tottenham moved above Aston Villa on goal difference, having played one game fewer.

Nottingham Forest stayed 17th, only outside of the drop zone thanks to their superior goal difference over Luton.
• None How did you rate Spurs' performance? Have your say here
• None What did you make of Forest's display? Send us your views here

Tottenham dropped out of the top four on 17 February and had passed up chances to go back above rivals Aston Villa in recent weeks, losing to Fulham and drawing with West Ham.

But Sunday's results means Ange Postecoglou's side are now in a brilliant position to finish fourth and guarantee Champions League qualification after a one-year absence from the competition.

And even if Tottenham do miss out on fourth place, fifth may be enough to qualify for the Champions League.

England is in a strong position to claim one of Uefa's 'Performance Slots', allowing an extra Premier League side to enter Europe's premier club competition.

Tottenham were matched by Forest in the first half but restored their lead in a dominant second period through an unlikely source.

Van de Ven has been a revelation in defence this season. Spurs have won 13 and lost just two of the 20 Premier League matches he's played in.

With Tottenham pressing, the 22-year-old regularly found himself pushing into midfield. Picking the ball up on the edge of the box, he took his chance superbly for his goal, his second in the Premier League.

Tottenham captain Son Heung-min also had an effort tipped on to the post by Forest keeper Matz Sels in the closing stages.

The north London side continue their push for the top four when they visit Newcastle next Saturday.

Forest ponder what might have been

Nottingham Forest recorded a fine 3-1 win over Fulham last time out to end a six-match winless run, but were second best against Spurs.

That said, the visitors did have plenty of bright moments as their manager Nuno Espirito Santo faced his former employers for the first time.

Defender Murillo almost netted a goal-of-the-season contender, spotting Tottenham keeper Guglielmo Vicario off his line and attempting to lob him from well inside his own half. His shot though dropped just wide.

And there were further 'what if?' moments just after Wood's equaliser.

Vicario could only parry Ryan Yates' low shot straight to Wood, but the forward smashed the rebound against the post from four yards out.

Tottenham midfielder James Maddison was then lucky to go unpunished after clashing with Ryan Yates, with Nuno claiming the player "punched Yates in the stomach".

After Luton's win over Bournemouth on Saturday, Forest were unable to give themselves a cushion over their relegation rivals.

They face Wolves at home in their next match in six days' time.
• None Attempt missed. Divock Origi (Nottingham Forest) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Anthony Elanga.
• None Attempt missed. Giovani Lo Celso (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Dejan Kulusevski following a corner.
• None Attempt missed. Callum Hudson-Odoi (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick.
• None Attempt saved. Son Heung-Min (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Brennan Johnson. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page

Anastasia (middle) and her cousins were among 57 people killed in Greece's biggest rail disaster in February

As backdrops to polling stations go, the view from Kastraki primary school is about as spectacular as it gets.

Visitors are drawn to the scattering of monasteries perched on the edge of huge rocks above.

But beneath the surface of this striking natural beauty is a community consumed with grief.

That's because three of their brightest stars, who should have been voting for the first time, were killed in February in Greece's worst-ever train crash.

They were among 57 people who died when an intercity service carrying hundreds of passengers from Athens to Thessaloniki smashed head-on into a goods train on the same line.

Ahead of Sunday's general election, opposition parties have raised the disaster time and again as a symptom of a broken government and dysfunctional state.

Both Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis of centre-right New Democracy and his predecessor Alexis Tsipras of centre-left Syriza have visited the families bereaved by the Tempi train crash.

But above all, it is a story of personal loss.

"My Anastasia," Dimitris Plakias sighs, as he looks out from the terrace of his family restaurant. Tears well in his eyes as he describes his daughter.

"I'm fortunate I had her as a daughter, even for just a little while. I will always be proud. She was a rare girl and she only had love to give."

Kastraki is one of many Greek communities hit by February's disaster

Anastasia and her twin cousins Thomi and Chrysa were travelling together on the passenger train.

They were all just 20 years old.

Like so many of the other victims, the young women were students returning to the University of Thessaloniki after spending a public holiday with their family.

"We relatives call it a state assassination of our children, and all the people who were aboard that train," says Anastasia's father. "In which European country could this be possible?"

Mr Plakias shakes his head when I ask if he has faith that any leader or party will help to prevent a similar catastrophe.

The sense of exasperation that nothing will change is compounded for many voters by the surnames on ballot papers up and down the land.

Greece is far from alone in being a cradle for political dynasties, but powerful family networks still dominate the stage, right along the ideological spectrum.

Kyriakos Mitsotakis's father was himself prime minister, his sister was foreign minister and his nephew is the current mayor of Athens.

Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis is ahead in the opinion polls but his party is unlikely to secure a majority

Two hours' drive north of the rocks of Kastraki, in the village of Proti, we watch a taxi driver greet the statue of the founder of modern Greece, Konstantinos Karamanlis, a four-time prime minister and later president.

"Hello, big guy," he calls out to the community's famous son as he opens his boot to reveal a mass of glistening cherries he'll later sell to supplement his income.

But if Karamanlis immortalised in metal remains a giant from beyond the grave and beyond party lines, his nephew Kostas - himself the cousin of another prime minister - has faced national rage.

The day after the fatal train crash, Kostas Karamanlis resigned as transport minister, admitting the rail network he was responsible for was not fit for purpose.

However, the tears he shed in public as he surveyed the wreckage have not stopped him from standing for re-election this weekend, which has angered many of the grieving families.

In the village coffee house, we find sympathy for the bereaved, but also support for the youngest of the Karamanlis clan.

The owner introduces us to Giannis Sarigiannis, 79.

Kostas Karamanlis? I spent more time with him when he was a boy, than I did my own children

It turns out Giannis was a driver for the family, including the revered Konstantinos when he was prime minister.

I ask: couldn't the former transport minister also have resigned from politics as a sign of respect for the dead?

"It was not his fault, this crash," Giannis argues. "And as for his family, they are a good family. Modest people."

And that's why he's voting for the ruling New Democracy party, he concludes with a smile.

Head south to the capital Athens, and it's accusations of nepotism and clientelism that fuel the anger of many voters.

But like so many elections around the world at the moment, the high cost of living is the key consideration.

Outside a supermarket in a left-voting suburb, widowed pensioner Elena talks us through her latest shopping list.

"Bread, tomato, beans - the price of all of them has gone up," she says.

She will be voting for Syriza, the party that ruled from 2015 to 2019 - during the years of ongoing pain as the Greek bailout dictated strict spending measures.

Alexis Tsipras's centre-left Syriza party is several points behind the centre-right New Democracy party

But Greek GDP went up 6% last year, I put to Elena, citing EU figures.

"Oh well, that may well be the case, but I don't feel it. Everything I'm buying is going up 20-30%."

Despite the national economy bouncing back, more than a third of Greeks say they can't pay their bills each month - the highest proportion in the European Union.

If that is a prize no country wants, neither is the label Greece has just been given for the second year in a row - that of being the worst EU country for press freedom.

The adverse rating was largely down to what became known as Greece's Watergate.

Last year it emerged that politicians - including the leader of the third largest party - and journalists had been spied on using wiretaps and spyware that had infected their phones.

Greece's intelligence chief resigned, as did the prime minister's chief of staff - his own nephew - but the prime minister himself managed to hang on.

"It was a huge scandal," explains investigative journalist Eliza Triantafyllou, from independent outlet Inside Story.

She and her colleagues have relentlessly pursued the story, but it has not dominated the run-up to this election and she blames the mainstream media.

"They didn't make it a huge deal when it was first revealed and they just kept taking the answers of the government as truth."

[The media] didn’t pressure them. And in a way the government got away with it

If the polls are correct, no party will secure a majority, so Greeks are likely to face either a coalition government or a second vote in July.

That is partly down to the scrapping of a 50-seat bonus in the first round for the winning party in the 300-strong parliament.

Nick Malkoutzis, political analyst from Macropolis, say voters want to move on from a "lost decade".

"People can see there is perhaps a nascent economic recovery in the making and they have to decide in whose hands they are better off - and opinion polls show it's Mitsotakis they trust most."

The same old names may remain instrumental in Greek politics, but the voters may now look to them to share power.

Many go to the ballot box asking when Greece's economic growth will be shared too.

Alfie had more than 50 injuries on his body when he died, the court heard

A mother and her partner who killed her nine-year-old son in the bath following months of abuse have been jailed.

Alfie Steele died after being held under the water as punishment at his home in Droitwich, Worcestershire, in February 2021.

He had been subjected to a cruel regime and his body had more than 50 injuries.

Dirk Howell was found guilty of Alfie's murder. His mother, Carla Scott, was convicted of manslaughter but cleared of murder.

At their sentencing at Coventry Crown Court, Howell was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years, while Scott was given 27 with a minimum 17-year term.

Mr Justice Mark Wall said the suffering they inflicted on Alfie could "only properly be described as sadistic".

He told 41-year-old Howell: "I am sure that you got pleasure from inflicting pain and discomfort. The risks of killing him by your conduct were real and obvious."

In a victim statement read to the court, Alfie's grandfather Paul Scott said he was haunted by the fact "Alfie's last words were him shouting for me".

"I saw Alfie's lifeless body being carried [to hospital] in the helicopter. Since then it has felt like a nightmare," he said.

"It hurts that he will never be able to make his own decisions. He has been taken from me. I will never get to see that cheeky smile again."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 999 calls from neighbours over fears for little boy

Scott, of Vashon Drive, Droitwich, and Howell, of Princip Street, Birmingham, both denied murder.

Jurors took 10 hours and 13 minutes to convict them over the killing and Scott was also found guilty of four counts of child cruelty, a charge Howell had already admitted.

During the six-week trial, jurors heard how Alfie's final months were punctuated by being repeatedly beaten, forced to stand outside and dunked head first into cold baths.

Prosecutor Michelle Heeley KC said the defendants thought it was acceptable to hit him with "belts, or a slider, like a heavy-duty flip flop, and use other more sinister forms of punishment".

Jurors were told the pair, on 18 February 2021, tried to cover up the killing by delaying calling 999 after Alfie was either drowned, asphyxiated or went into cardiac arrest.

Scott, 35, claimed Alfie had fallen asleep while enjoying a warm bath, but his many injuries and low body temperature - 23C (73F) - indicated he had been dead for some time.

Prosecutors said he might have been put back in the bath to pass the murder off as accidental drowning.

Alfie was subjected to a regime of punishments and had these rules stuck on his bedroom door

During the trial, it emerged a neighbour had called 999 six months before Alfie's death, warning police the couple were "doing something bad to their kid in the bath".

The caller said it sounded like Alfie was "being hit and held under the water or something" and there was "loads of thrashing around".

It was one of a number of calls made to emergency services by residents concerned about the boy's welfare.

Others said they had seen Alfie being forced to "stand like a statue" outside his home and had filmed him crying "let me in".

The court heard Scott struck up a relationship with Howell in 2019 and his regime of punishments quickly escalated during 2020 when the country went into lockdown during the Covid pandemic.

At the time of Alfie's death, Scott was the subject of a social services plan designed to protect him, with one of the rules being career-criminal Howell was not allowed to stay overnight at her house.

But the pair "continuously" flouted this requirement, Howell would stay over, assault Alfie and throw cold water at him.

A safeguarding review will now explore what more could have been done.

Alfie weighed barely 4.2st (27kg) when he died and had defensive injuries on his body

Scott had Alfie during a previous relationship which ended in 2017, in which children's services also had involvement.

During his evidence, Howell estimated he had spent 22 years in prison for various offences including battery, theft, burglary and drugs charges.

He had claimed he had tried to revive Alfie by performing CPR, but CCTV showed him leaving the house before paramedics arrived and later attempting to board a train before he was arrested at Droitwich railway station.

Mr Justice Wall said 18 February had been another day on which the couple had decided Alfie was "to be tortured".

Addressing the couple, he told them: "You have both refused to tell the truth about the day of Alfie's death, preferring to lie, to pretend that it was no more than a tragic accident and to cover up for one another.

"What is clear is that Alfie did not have the quiet death you tried to portray: a death in which he had an epileptic fit and gently fell asleep in the bath.

"His death was violent and brutal."

Alfie was described by his family as a charming, funny and inquisitive young boy whose kindness and cheeky smile "was enough to melt your heart".

Mr Scott's wife Alaina said when she had met him at 18 months old, he had wrapped his arms around her in a "lovely hug".

Describing him as gentle and loving, she added: "He was also the life and soul of our family. He was a considerate, warm, polite little boy who would help people of all ages."

In a statement from the NSPCC, the charity said concerns had been raised about Alfie's safety before his death.

"The child safeguarding practice review must establish whether more could have been done to safeguard him, so that in future the most vulnerable members of our society can be better protected."

Speaking outside court, Det Ch Insp Leighton Harding said the force was "aware that the family were known to West Mercia Police and other agencies prior to Alfie's death".

"The jury heard evidence of 999 calls from neighbours and reports from other people regarding concerns over Scott and Howell's conduct and treatment of Alfie, which led to police and other agencies having contact and involvement with the family in the months before Alfie's death," he said.

"I recognise the concerns and questions this raises. We are committed to learning the lessons from Alfie's tragic death and will fully engage with the review."

West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said he welcomed the independent review led by Worcestershire Safeguarding Children Partnership, "rightly set up to establish whether all agencies involved could have done more to protect Alfie".

"I am committed to using my role as commissioner to ensure any potential lessons that can be learnt from this tragic incident, are learnt."

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The first minister's official residence is in Charlotte Square in Edinburgh

A 28-year-old man has been charged with a breach of the peace after an incident near Bute House, the residence of Scotland's new first minister.

Police were called at 19:40 BST on Saturday to Charlotte Square in Edinburgh - the site of Humza Yousaf's official residence.

Officers said they made the arrest following reports of the man acting "suspiciously" in the square.

Mr Yousaf became first minister earlier this week after being made SNP leader.

His new cabinet has held its first formal meeting at Bute House on Friday.

Police Scotland put cordon in place in Charlotte Square on Saturday while inquiries were carried out.

A force spokesperson said: "There was no threat to the wider public and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal."

Mr Yousaf chaired his first cabinet meeting in Bute House on Friday
• None Yousaf confirmed as Scotland's new first minister

Adam Price spoke at the party's conference in Llanelli

Everyone in Plaid Cymru must feel safe, leader Adam Price has said, following claims of a toxic culture within the party and misconduct allegations.

He admitted the recent months and years "haven't come without their challenges" and the party must do better.

Speaking on first day of Plaid's spring conference in the Ffwrnes Theatre, Llanelli, he vowed to do "everything possible to get this right".

Mr Price will ask members to endorse his political strategy on Saturday.

He said: "We are challenged to be the change we want to be in society. And it is clear that we have to do better, much better than we have.

"If we are to become a kinder, fairer independent nation - a Cymru for all where no-one is left behind - we must shine a beacon as a party for all where everyone feels safe, welcomed and valued."

In November, it emerged an allegation of sexual assault had been made against a senior member of staff.

It was separate to a serious allegation about the conduct of Member of the Senedd Rhys ab Owen, who was suspended from the Plaid Cymru group, but not the party, after the Standards Commissioner Douglas Bain opened an investigation last year.

A working group led by former Senedd politician Nerys Evans is looking at the issue of culture within the party.

Plaid Cymru is in a co-operation agreement with the Welsh Labour government

Mr Price's wide-ranging speech described the United Kingdom as a "failing state".

"Nurses and teachers at food banks. Kids dying from breathing mould in their bedrooms. People dying in their thousands on hospitals trollies."

He said only independence would "inoculate us from Westminster's iniquities".

He accused Welsh government ministers of "absolving themselves of the responsibilities they have" over pay for NHS workers and teachers.

Mr Price said Wales found itself "in the grip of an economic emergency", but accused Labour of planning for "austerity lite, or at least light on detail".

"The closer they get to office, the higher they rise in the opinion polls, the more cautious and conservative they become," he said.

Party members will vote this weekend on a political strategy that will put independence at the core of the party's mission and endorse entering coalitions, even if as junior partner.

Ahead of the special closed session on Saturday, Mr Price said: "It takes a movement to move a nation. That's the spirit in which the political strategy we will debate tomorrow has been crafted.

"For the avoidance of doubt, this party and this leader have not given up on the goal of leading our country."

Adam Price will hope that the ongoing work to deal with the allegations of a toxic culture can draw a line under these issues because this is the second party conference speech in which he's had to reference such difficulties.

Tomorrow is the big day when he'll hope members will back the new political strategy which doubles down on the collaborative approach that he took in agreeing the existing co-operation agreement with the Welsh government.

He told conference he hadn't given up on being first minister and independence still remains the big goal, but getting there requires working with other parties - though he's ruled out coalition with the Welsh Conservatives.

The party will give its verdict at a special conference tomorrow.

Mr Price told BBC Wales the strategy sets out independence as the "main aim - that comes first".

"To reach independence Plaid Cymru needs to be in government - hopefully leading the government - but certainly to be part of government because that's how we can build the bridge towards an independent Wales.

"And in order for Plaid Cymru to be in government we need to grow our support across Wales."

However, Mr Price said there were "no circumstances" where Plaid would enter a coalition with the Conservative Party as it had become "a very reactionary right wing party".

Members of the PCS union walked out on Budget Day

More than 130,000 civil servants have voted to go on strike next month over pay, pensions and job security.

The PCS union said its members voted to take action on 28 April to increase the pressure on the government and were "not backing down".

PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said: "Ministers need to resolve the dispute by putting money on the table."

The government said their demands would cost an "unaffordable £2.4bn".

Urging the PCS union to call off the strikes, a spokesperson said the government's focus was to "ease the pressure on households across the country" as the cost of living soars.

"That is why public sector pay awards strike a careful balance between recognising the vital importance of public sector workers, while delivering value for taxpayers and avoiding higher prices in the future," the government spokesperson added.

Members of the PCS union, who have been offered a 2% to 3% increase, last walked out on Budget day earlier this month.

The PCS union represents hundreds of thousands who work in government departments as well as those at organisations such as Ofsted, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and Border Force.

It has been calling for a 10% pay rise, better pensions, job security and no cuts to redundancy terms.

Mr Serwotka said: "We know our strikes have already caused serious disruption. The new strikes and another national day of action will pile the pressure on a government that refuses to listen."

The union said the all-out strike on 15 March was "brilliantly" supported by members, with big picket lines and demonstrations.

Teachers, junior doctors, rail workers and London Underground tube drivers are some of the industries whose workers have walked out in disputes - mainly over pay - over the last year as wages do not align with the rising cost of living.

One of the biggest days of strikes was whilst Chancellor Jeremy Hunt deliver his Budget, with workers congregating around Westminster.

Members from 186 different employers were balloted over the latest strike action last week, the PCS union said.
• None More civil servants to strike on Budget day

Video caption: For decades the US dollar has been king when it comes to global trade, is that changing?

For decades the US dollar has been king when it comes to global trade, is that changing?

The King and Queen plan to live in Buckingham Palace after building work is finished, say royal officials

The Royal Household's official spending rose by 5% last year, to £107.5m, while its funding from taxpayers remained at £86.3m, annual accounts have revealed.

This meant drawing on reserves for what royal officials called an "exceptional period of transition" following Elizabeth II's death.

It was also confirmed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have vacated Frogmore Cottage, in Windsor, Berkshire.

The accounts also show royal heating is kept at 19C - to cut energy use.

To help save the planet as well as bills, the accounts report a "concerted effort" by staff in royal residences to set the winter heating to 19C, while any empty rooms were kept at 16C.

The running costs of the monarchy - such as for official visits and residences - are funded by the "Sovereign Grant", currently calculated as being 25% of the profits of the Crown Estate.

The annual accounts for 2022-23 show this funding was £86.3m, the same as the previous year.

But spending was almost £21m higher than the Sovereign Grant, with palace officials attributing the extra costs to:

The 10-year £369m project to repair Buckingham Palace had £34.5m allocated this year.

"Virtually no-one" was living in the palace, royal officials said, although staff might stay there on a temporary basis for events.

But the King and Queen Camilla planned to live there once building work was complete, in a few years from now.

The officials gave no further details of plans for Frogmore Cottage.

The Duke of York remains in Royal Lodge, in Windsor, but they would not comment on his leasing arrangements.

On average, about 500 Royal Household staff were being paid by the Sovereign Grant during the year - and there were questions about efforts to increase diversity, with the proportion belonging to ethnic minorities, 9.7%, showing no change since last year.

Royal staff received training under a "diversity and inclusion strategy", with concerns having been raised after black British charity founder Ngozi Fulani faced repeated questions about where she was "really from", at a Buckingham Palace reception.

The public funding also covers the cost of official royal travel and visits, which included:

But most of the visits were much more low-key, with:

Paying visitors to royal residences helped to offset some of the costs, with £9.8m in income earned - still less than half the pre-Covid levels.

The queen's death, last September, saw the Palace receiving an unprecedented level of correspondence, including messages of condolence, with 183,000 items arriving in the post.

In separate accounts, the Duchy of Cornwall reported profits of about £24m, in a transitional year that saw the new Prince of Wales replacing his father as the recipient.

Keeper of the Privy Purse Sir Michael Stevens said the annual finances covered an unprecedented "year of grief, change and celebration".

As well as events including the Platinum Jubilee, the queen's death and the King's accession, he said, the Royal Household "has not been immune to the impacts of the joint challenges of the pandemic and inflationary pressures, which have resulted in a flat Sovereign Grant".

But anti-monarchy group Republic said the royals were increasing their spending while "public services are being squeezed".

Income from the duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster should go to the state, it says, while additional costs such as policing are not included in the annual accounts.

"The royals have long hidden their true cost, which we have worked out to be at least £345m," Republic chief executive Graham Smith said. "That's enough to pay for 13,000 new nurses or teachers."

Read the latest from BBC News royal correspondent Sean Coughlan - sign up here.

Wayne Couzens, who will never be freed from prison, is due to be sentenced on 6 March for the indecent exposure offences

Former Met Police officer Wayne Couzens has admitted three counts of indecent exposure, one of which he committed four days before killing Sarah Everard.

The pleas relate to three incidents in Kent - two offences at a fast-food restaurant in February 2021, and another at woodland in Deal in 2020.

Three remaining counts will not be pursued by the prosecution and will be left on file, the Old Bailey heard.

The 50-year-old entered the pleas by video-link from Frankland Prison.

Couzens, who had a long grey beard and wore a grey tracksuit, is serving a whole-life sentence at the Durham prison for the kidnap, rape and murder of 33-year-old Ms Everard in March 2021.

On both 14 and 27 February 2021, Couzens exposed his genitals to staff at the drive-in fast food restaurant. He is said to have looked straight at the workers while sitting in his car as he paid for his food.

Mrs Justice May told the Old Bailey: "The female staff were shaken, upset and angry."

Staff took a registration number after the second incident and identified the car from CCTV as a black Seat. It was registered to Couzens, who had in any case used a credit card in his name to pay.

This happened four days before the then-serving officer with the Met Police used his position to trick Ms Everard into his car.

The significance of Wayne Couzens' guilty pleas should not be underestimated: we now know he was a serial sex offender before he murdered Sarah Everard.

But more importantly his number-plate was given to Met Police officers after he exposed himself in February 2021.

It's fair to say if the police had carried out the correct checks they would have realised he was a police officer, but he was free, just days later, to murder Sarah Everard using his status as a policeman.

Many women have said the police don't take indecent exposure seriously enough despite the fact it's known often to lead to more serious offences.

It's fair to say this was a missed opportunity to stop Wayne Couzens.

Det Ch Insp Katherine Goodwin, who led the team which originally investigated the murder of Sarah Everard, said Couzens had "tried to frighten and demean" his victims, "but they have only shown strength and dignity in reporting him and supporting this investigation".

"I would like to thank them for their patience, co-operation and help throughout the case," she added.

Deputy Assistant Commissioner for professionalism in the Met, Bas Javid, said: "We know the public will, understandably, be sickened at yet more grotesque crimes by Couzens.

"The process of flushing out the corrupt and the criminal from the Met will be slow and painful, but is necessary and we will continue to do so."

Last year, Couzens failed in an attempt to have his whole-life term reduced, when the Lord Chief Justice ruled the crimes against Ms Everard were so exceptional the tariff should stand.

Couzens is due to be sentenced for the indecent exposure offences on 6 March.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

James Martin makes cookery programmes for ITV, and fronted similar shows for the BBC until 2015

TV chef James Martin has been asked to change his behaviour at work after ITV received complaints about his treatment of production staff.

Concerns were raised during the recent filming of James Martin's Spanish Adventure, his latest travel cooking show.

In a joint statement, Martin and production company Blue Marlin said they "agree lessons have been learned".

An ITV spokesman said "people and their welfare" was their "highest priority".

Blue Marlin Television, which has made several programmes with Martin, also took responsibility for damaging his house and garden during a separate incident in 2018.

The damage led to the presenter becoming angry, something which he and the company said he "wholly regrets".

Martin is a co-founder of the production company with Fiona Lindsay, and the pair are currently its joint managing directors.

According to US publication Deadline, Martin was "accused of berating people" and "reducing them to tears in front of other colleagues" while filming the Spanish Adventure programme in May.

The news outlet also alleged Martin was "changing schedules at the last minute, giving his team just a few hours of sleep before the following morning's shoot", which he reportedly arrived an hour late for himself.

An ITV spokesman said: "Following a complaint we received in May from members of the Blue Marlin production team about the filming of James Martin's Spanish Adventure, we contacted Blue Marlin to discuss these concerns and to understand how the issues raised were being addressed and what actions were being taken.

In a joint statement, James Martin (pictured in 2021) and Blue Marlin said "lessons have been learned"

"As a result, we made a number of recommendations for Blue Marlin to implement as soon as possible, sharing best practice of some of our own relevant procedures around staff welfare and reiterating our Supplier Code of Conduct."

In their joint statement, Martin and Lindsay said they "have taken on board ITV's recommendations and their sharing of best practice, and are in the process of fully implementing".

Martin is well known for presenting several cookery programmes for ITV, and previously fronted similar shows for the BBC from 2005 until 2015.

This is the second time ITV has been made aware, formally or informally, of complaints about Martin, after a separate incident in 2018.

During the production of James Martin's Saturday Morning, Martin became angry after a drain was blocked at his home, where the programme was being filmed.

Blue Marlin said it "accepted responsibility" for "an unfortunate incident" which "occurred after filming", adding that Martin's home had been "badly damaged".

"James was shocked by what had happened and on reflection acknowledges he responded emotionally, which he wholly regrets," the company added in their statement. "James apologises for any offence or upset caused, as he did at the time to the crew involved."

"Following this and some issues filming James Martin's Spanish Adventures, James and Blue Marlin Television agree that lessons have been learned which have been discussed with members of the team and with ITV."

Martin and Lindsay's statement added: "Since the 2018 incident, Blue Marlin Television has continued to film over 500 shows at James' home."

On Wednesday, an ITV spokesman said: "At ITV people and their welfare are our highest priority. The production companies who make shows for us have primary responsibility for the duty of care of everyone they work with, both on and off screen.

"We make clear our expectations in this regard as part of our pre-greenlight [pre-commissioning] duty of care processes.

"This includes having appropriate independent controls in place to enable everyone who works on their shows to confidently and confidentially raise concerns."

An Israeli-Russian researcher who went missing in Iraq in March is being held captive by a Shia militia, says Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

Elizabeth Tsurkov, a PhD student at Princeton University in the United States, was conducting research in Baghdad when she was kidnapped.

"We hold Iraq responsible for her safety and well-being," Mr Netanyahu's office said.

Ms Tsurkov is being held by Kataib Hezbollah, according to Israel.

It did not specify what the group's demands were.

Kataib Hezbollah (Brigades of the Party of God) is a powerful Iraqi Shia militia that gets financial and military support from Iran. The US has designated the group as a terrorist organisation since 2009.

Israel said the matter was being handled by "relevant parties... out of concern" for Ms Tsurkov's "security and well-being".

Iraq and Israel do not share diplomatic relations. Last year, Iraq's parliament passed a law that criminalises any attempt to normalise ties with Israel, which it has never recognised.

Ms Tsurkov's family said in a statement that they hold "the Iraqi government as directly responsible for her safety", the Washington Post reported.

Ms Tsurkov entered Iraq on her Russian passport, Mr Netanyahu's office said.

The New Lines Institute for Strategy and Policy, a Washington-based think tank where Ms Tsurkov is a fellow, said she last contacted them in March and that they later learnt from sources of her kidnap by a "pro-Iranian militia".

"Our first instinct was to shout about her disappearance on the internet, in the media and on these pages," the institute said in a statement in its magazine, adding that it decided not to do so because of her family's wishes and in the hope of a quick resolution.

According to Ms Tsurkov's website, her research focuses on the Levant - a historical term that refers to a large geographical region including present-day Israel, Syria and other areas - and "the Syrian uprising and civil war".

New Lines said Ms Tsurkov's situation was complicated by that fact that she was "an outspoken critic" of the three countries that may be involved in negotiations for her release: Israel, Iran and Russia.

"All of us feel that the United States needs to be involved in some way in helping [Ms Tsurkov]," it said, pointing to her involvement with New Lines and Princeton.

In a statement posted on Twitter, Princeton said: "We are deeply concerned for her safety and well-being, and we are eager for her to be able to rejoin her family and resume her studies."

The US, Russia, Iran and Iraq have not officially commented yet.

Boris Johnson has been referred to police by the Cabinet Office over further potential rule breaches during the Covid pandemic.

The department said it made the referral after a review of documents ahead of the Covid public inquiry.

A spokesperson for the former PM dismissed claims of any breaches as a "politically motivated stitch-up".

Both the Metropolitan and Thames Valley Police say they are assessing the information received.

The Cabinet Office said officials had been obliged to disclose the documents to the police under civil service rules.

The Times, which first reported the story, says Mr Johnson has been referred to Thames Valley police because his ministerial diary revealed visits by family and friends to Chequers - the prime minister's country house in Buckinghamshire - during the pandemic.

Thames Valley Police said it had "received a report of potential breaches of the Health Protection Regulations between June 2020 and May 2021 at Chequers, Buckinghamshire".

The Met Police released a similar statement but said their information related to potential breaches in Downing Street.

It is understood Mr Johnson has had no contact from the police.

The spokesman for the former prime minister said it was "totally untrue" that there had been further Covid rule breaches.

"The events in question were all within the rules either because they were held outdoors or came within another lawful exception. They include regular meetings with civil servants and advisers.

"It appears some within government have decided to make unfounded suggestions both to the police and to the Privileges Committee - many will conclude that this has all the hallmarks of yet another politically motivated stitch-up."

The spokesman said Mr Johnson's lawyers had written to the Cabinet Office, as well as the Commons Privileges Committee, "explaining that the events were lawful and were not breaches of any Covid regulations".

The seven-member committee of MPs has been investigating whether Mr Johnson misled Parliament over Covid rule-breaking events in government buildings.

In a statement, the committee said it had received additional evidence from the government last week and asked Mr Johnson for a response, both of which it would now take into account during its probe.

If the committee concludes Mr Johnson deliberately misled MPs over the events, he could potentially face a suspension from Parliament, which in turn could lead to a by-election in his Uxbridge and South Ruislip constituency.

Mr Johnson's spokesman also said it was "bizarre and unacceptable" that "no contact was made with Mr Johnson before these incorrect allegations were made both to the police and to the Privileges Committee". The Cabinet Office has denied the suggestion Mr Johnson was not given prior notice.

The Cabinet Office said the material it had passed to police came from the "normal" process of reviewing documents to be submitted to the public inquiry into the government's handling of the pandemic.

"In-line with obligations in the Civil Service Code, this material has been passed to the relevant authorities and it is now a matter for them."

The BBC has been told the matter was not considered by ministers or the cabinet secretary, who heads the civil service.

The public inquiry, which is separate to the privileges committee probe, will begin hearings next month.

Both Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak were fined for attending a birthday party in Downing Street

Responding to the announcement, Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner said: "These new allegations are for the police to examine but the government must explain who else knew at the time and why this has only now come to light."

Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper, said Mr Johnson "should finally do one decent thing and consider his position as an MP".

Lindsay Jackson, spokesperson for Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice, said Mr Johnson was "totally unfit for any form of public service, never mind being the prime minister".

But, speaking on his GB News programme, Conservative MP and former minister Jacob Rees-Mogg defended Mr Johnson, saying: "The latest stories are just another example of how those who don't like Boris, mainly because of Brexit, are always looking for something to have a go at him on."

Mr Johnson resigned as prime minister last July, in part due to public anger over revelations he broke Covid lockdown rules.

In April 2021 he received a fine from the police for breaking lockdown rules after attending a gathering on his birthday in June 2020.

And, in May 2022, a report by then-senior civil servant Sue Gray set out a series of social events held by staff in Downing Street which broke the rules.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Moment Just Stop Oil interrupt the First Night of the Proms

Two protesters from environmental campaign group Just Stop Oil have interrupted the First Night of the Proms at London's Royal Albert Hall.

The duo mounted the stage and briefly unfurled an orange banner on Friday.

They were met with boos and jeers from some members of the audience at the BBC's classical music festival, before being led away by security staff.

Just Stop Oil has targeted a number of events this year, including the Ashes, Wimbledon and the Chelsea Flower Show.

In a tweet, Just Stop Oil said two of its supporters ran onto the stage to demand "the UK government immediately halt all new oil and gas consents and licences".

It added "they attempted to address the audience before being forcibly removed".

The group said the action, which happened shortly after the interval, targeted the event because of the BBC's "underwhelming coverage of the climate emergency".

The group claimed the protesters had used confetti cannons and air horns, but eyewitnesses denied this and video footage shows the protest was stopped quickly.

A BBC spokesman said: "There was no disruption to the concert or the broadcast during the few seconds the protesters were on stage."

The Proms opening night featured a new translation of Jean Sibelius's Snöfrid, narrated by actress Lesley Manville, and a new work by Ukrainian composer Bohdana Frolyak, called Let The Light In.

In response to the incident, Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer wrote on social media: "My message is this: Leave people to enjoy the events they love, and stop damaging your own cause."

During the Proms programme and before the protest, BBC Radio 3 broadcaster Georgia Mann remarked on how close members of the audience were to the performers at the Royal Albert Hall.

"Somehow it surprises me every summer when we sit here from this vantage point just how close the Prommers are to the artists - I've said before - touching distance," she said.

Six thousand people were gathered in the venue for the sell-out event.

Last updated on .From the section Cycling

Mark Cavendish broke a collarbone as he crashed out of what is set to be his final Tour de France before retirement.

The Manxman, 38, was involved in an innocuous-looking crash about 60km from the finish of stage eight - a 200.7km run from Libourne to Limoges.

Cavendish had started this year's Tour on 34 stage victories - sharing the record with Belgian legend Eddy Merckx.

Jasper Philipsen denied him a 35th win during Friday's stage, then came second behind Mads Pedersen on Saturday.

Cavendish's race came to a premature end when he hit the deck after touching wheels with Pello Bilbao. With pain etched on his face, he was helped into the back of an ambulance and taken to hospital in Perigueux.

His Astana Qazaqstan team confirmed initial suspicions he had broken a collarbone, and said the break had also impacted on a previous shoulder injury.

"Everyone in the team is hurting," said Mark Renshaw, who was Cavendish's lead-out man from 2009-2011 and in 2016 and joined Astana as a sprint adviser prior to the Tour.

"It's hard because we know his shape's here, we know he has the legs. I won't lie, I cried."

Cavendish was the fifth rider to abandon this year's Tour, after Enric Mas, Richard Carapaz, Jacopo Guarnieri and Luis Leon Sanchez.

Steff Cras later became the sixth after a late pile-up involving Simon Yates and Mikel Landa. Belgium's Cras - a general classification contender - blamed a spectator for causing the crash.

Cavendish made his Tour debut in 2007 and has failed to finish seven of his 14 appearances.

He did not compete in last year's race, having won four stages in 2021 to move level with five-time Tour winner Merckx.

'Everybody here wanted him to win one stage' - reaction from the peloton

Two-time champion Tadej Pogacar: "When I heard he had crashed, it was a sad moment because he was in good shape. I think everybody here wanted him to win one stage and yesterday he was super close. It's a bad moment.

"He was one of my favourites when we were kids. Him sprinting on the Champs-Elysees.... we just wanted to have his style and his legs. They were good moments."

Race leader Jonas Vingegaard: "I spoke with him a few times in my first Tour de France and again this year.

"He is a super nice guy and I would have loved to have seen him take the 35th stage win. I still remember when I was a kid and I was watching him and all his celebrations. He was my big idol.

"It is really a shame for him and I hope he is OK."

Stage winner Mads Pedersen: "It was a pleasure to be able to ride with Mark Cavendish. I always had a good relationship with him in the peloton. It's so sad for a legend to finish the Tour like this.

"He still owes me a jersey, for a jersey swap. Hopefully I can do some of the last races he does."

There have been a few fairytale moments in the career of Mark Cavendish, and taking sole ownership of the Tour stage win record he shares with Belgian legend Eddy Merckx was looking more and more likely to be another.

He was pipped on the line the previous stage - his explosive, low-set style becoming more effective as the race went on.

But a low-profile shunt in the middle of the peloton at relatively low speed appears to have ended one of the most high-profile and glittering relationships ever with this famous three-week race.

The 38-year-old has terrified rivals in France since 2008 with a spirited, no-nonsense approach to the sport that complemented his 'Manx Missile' nickname.

Cavendish has said the record itself was of little importance to him - more so his ability to fight, and win, in the moment.

And you can't put a number on that.

What else happened on stage eight?

Pedersen, who won in Saint-Etienne last year, claimed his second stage win at a Tour after benefiting from the superb work of his Lidl-Trek team in the closing kilometres.

While Vingegaard retained the yellow jersey, the late crash meant Briton Yates lost 47 seconds and dropped from fourth to sixth in the general classification.

He slipped 21 seconds behind his twin brother Adam, who is fifth overall and now the highest-placed British rider.

On Sunday, the race will travel 182.4km from Saint-Leonard-de-Noblat to the the dormant volcano of Puy de Dome, where the steep final climb is expected to ignite another GC battle.
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our fossil-fuel usage with hydrogen
• None How did Mitchell Johnson rise from the ashes? The former Australia bowler talks about restoring his reputation following his public ridicule in 2010

Google has begun trialling search answers written by artificial intelligence (AI) in the UK, after the feature was tested in the US last year.

Initially only a small proportion of logged-in UK users will see an AI-generated "overview" at the top of some search results.

While Google is the most popular search engine, Microsoft's rival Bing already integrates its Copilot AI.

But some publishers worry AI answers may reduce visits to their sites.

They fear longer chatbot-style responses will satisfy users' curiosity without having to visit their websites, while AI answers will also contain fewer links and ads.

The "Search Generative Experience" - as Google dubs the feature - has been available for nearly a year in the US, but only to users who signed up via Google Labs.

It said the UK experiment will involve a "small slice" of UK search traffic, selected from logged-in users.

It comes as a front-page report in the Financial Times suggested that the firm was considering offering subscriptions for some premium AI search features in the future.

Google denied it was "working on or considering an ad-free search experience".

Hema Budaraju, who helps drive Google's generative AI efforts in search, told the BBC its new search results will still display links and ads.

She said it was a "priority" to continue to send traffic to creators, and claimed AI-powered search results were "actually showing more links to a wider range of sources".

The "proof was in the pudding", she said, adding that so far users were clicking on an increased range of sources too.

The AI-generated "overview" will be shown only in response to certain queries, where current trials have suggested they were helpful.

Ms Budaraju said a search for "how to get marks off painted walls" is one example that people have found useful.

But Google is aware of the risk, common to AI systems, that they can sometimes generate content that is harmful, offensive, display racial or gender bias, or factually wrong.

Ms Budaraju said the tech giant wanted to maintain "information quality", and it would "put in a lot of care and attention to do this in a responsible way".

As a result, she said Google chose to make answers less fluent and more constrained, focusing instead on accuracy.

For example, it is not generating AI answers to all queries, particularly where there aren't sufficient high quality sources of information.

Users can send feedback if they encounter problems with the results - and Google is clear this is an experiment.

"We will find issues of bias and safety," she said, "but the commitment is to find [these] and then invest in making it better".

The firm says US users have responded positively so far, but if the trial is successful and AI generated search answers are eventually used by billions of people, that may bring further challenges.

For example, researchers have pointed to the large amounts of electricity required to power the computing that powers big AI systems.

That is energy use that comes at an environmental price.

Joan Scott was now "trapped in a broken body", her son said

A great-grandma had to have both legs amputated when she became trapped under a double-decker bus after the driver refused to let her on board.

Joan Scott, then 83, was crushed under the vehicle's wheels in Wallsend, North Tyneside, on 19 September 2021.

Her walking stick, which was strapped to her wrist, became wedged in the closed doors before the bus pulled off.

Driver Scott Cliff, 49, admitted causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for 27 months.

Mrs Scott was unable to free herself and, as Cliff drove away, she was dragged under the Go North East vehicle and remained pinned under its rear wheels for almost an hour.

Her injuries were so catastrophic she had to have one leg amputated at the scene, and the other hours later in hospital.

Sentencing Cliff at Newcastle Crown Court on Wednesday, Judge Roger Thomas told him: "As the doors opened you saw her coming to the door to get on.

"What you did then, extraordinarily really, was close the doors against her, knowing she was wanting to get on and indeed was about to get on."

Cliff looked ahead as he pulled away, the judge said, which gave the impression that "what you were doing was not wanting to look at that old lady you knew was wanting to get on the bus".

The court heard that the driver, of Lindisfarne Road, Hebburn, had pulled over to let a passenger off but did not want to let Mrs Scott board as he mistakenly thought she had got on his bus the week before without her pass and refused to pay.

Scott Cliff had refused Joan Scott entry in the mistaken belief she had previously refused to pay

Prosecutor Jane Foley said the widow had gone from an "independent and capable" woman to someone who required constant care.

"As the doors were closing Mrs Scott placed her walking stick, which was strapped around her wrist, in the centre of the doors," she said.

"It seems that the narrow stick wasn't large enough to activate a safety function on the bus which would otherwise have prevented the doors from closing.

"Mrs Scott was pulled forward by the movement of the bus.

"Once the bus moved off, Mrs Scott fell to the floor and was struck by the bus and trapped by the rear wheels."

Cliff's lawyers had argued there was no alarm to indicate Mrs Scott's stick was caught, he did not know what had happened and he stopped the bus when he realised something was wrong.

Gavin Doig, defending, said it was "incomprehensible" for his client to decide he did not want Mrs Scott to board the bus.

He said Cliff had been a driver for six years, had good references, no criminal record and "had no way of knowing her walking stick was caught in the door".

Mrs Scott's son, Brian, said his mother was now "trapped in a broken body caused single-handedly by the actions of one person".

He added: "Mr Cliff held a position to help and protect the vulnerable by providing a place of safety on the bus, but he didn't do that for my mother, and that kills me.

"He has destroyed our family. I hope this horrendous incident makes other drivers of all vehicles sit up and take note."

PC Catherine Lloyd, who led the investigation, said the incident was "absolutely tragic".

"We all have a responsibility to make sure our roads are as safe as they possibly can be, and we will continue to pursue those who endanger the lives of others whilst behind the wheel."

Follow BBC North East & Cumbria on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Shafiqul Haidhar was fatally struck by a lorry on the M1 in Leicestershire

The family of a man who was sent speeding tickets after being fatally struck by a lorry said the letters had caused them "more pain".

Shafiqul Haidhar, 39, was hit while awaiting recovery on the hard shoulder of the M1 in Leicestershire on 23 August last year.

The father of six had been travelling in his own car before being involved in an earlier, unrelated, crash.

His brother said the letters had caused "added trauma".

Mr Haidhar, a maths teacher from Barking in east London, had driven to the county on the day he died.

His family said he was near junction 20 of the motorway when his car crashed into the central reservation.

Leicestershire Police received a call from a member of public at 05:58 BST, and National Highways attended to help Mr Haidhar on to the hard shoulder to wait for recovery.

According to a report from the police watchdog, seen by the BBC, no police resources were assigned and the force log was shut at 06:24.

After learning of the crash, Mr Haidhar's brother - Kaisor Ahmed - said he called Leicestershire Police over concerns about his sibling's mental health and safety.

He claims he called several times and "begged" someone to go to his brother and take him to a safe space.

"I told them he was vulnerable and that it wasn't safe for him to be there because of his mental health," he said.

"I said just take him to a police station or something and I would pick him up,.

Later, at 07:47, Mr Haidhar was struck by the lorry and died at the scene.

Motorway cameras from the day of the fatal crash show queues of traffic near the scene

Following his death, three prosecution notices for speeding were sent by Northamptonshire Police, Thames Valley Police and the Metropolitan Police, to Mr Haidhar's home address.

Mr Ahmed, 42, who was supporting the family at home at the time, said he was left angry and overwhelmed by the letters.

He called Northamptonshire Police to advise them of his brother's death, and the force withdrew its initial letter.

Mr Ahmed also called the Met after a further final notice was sent by the force to his brother's house, and "the offence was immediately cancelled".

However, Thames Valley Police's notices, which were automated - according to the force - were escalated to a court summons.

The case was discontinued in March once Oxford Magistrates' Court was notified, and a letter to confirm the withdrawal was then sent to the family's home, addressed to Mr Haidhar.

Mr Ahmed said: "Why should this be my problem?

"I'm trying to support my family - it's just causing more pain. We should not have to suffer from the added trauma like this.

"The Met Police came to my house to tell me my brother was dead and then they sent these letters."

Thames Valley Police and the Met said they understood the distress caused to Mr Haidhar's family.

A Thames Valley Police spokesperson said: "Since the fatal incident was not within Thames Valley Police's jurisdiction, we would not have automatically been notified of [Mr Haidhar's] death, and as such, would not have been in a position where we could discontinue the proceedings any sooner than they were by the court."

A Met spokesperson explained its system automatically generates a new notice if an initial one goes unanswered.

The spokesperson added: "When the team dealing with traffic prosecutions became aware of Mr Haidhar's tragic death, the offence was immediately cancelled."

Mr Haidhar's death is also the subject of an ongoing investigation by the police watchdog, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).

The IOPC is investigating Leicestershire Police over the calls made to the force by Mr Ahmed about his brother's welfare.

An inquest into Mr Haidhar's death has been suspended while the IOPC inquiry continues.

Leicestershire Police said it was unable to comment due to the ongoing investigation.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on X, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk or via WhatsApp on 0808 100 2210.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The PM on migrants crossing the Channel: "The plan is working, numbers are down for the first ever time."

Two new barges have been purchased to house up to 1,000 migrants, the prime minister has announced, as he said plans to tackle small boats crossing the Channel are working.

Rishi Sunak said the location of the new barges will be announced soon.

It comes as the PM said the numbers making the crossing by small boats were down by a fifth since last year.

He said a returns deal with Albania had led to 1,800 people being sent back to the country.

The first barge to hold asylum seekers is due to dock in Portland Port this month, and will house 500 adult males claiming asylum in the UK.

Mr Sunak said the barges "will relieve pressure on local communities" and spaces in hotels being used to house migrants.

Before the barges arrive, the government will do "extensive engagement with local communities" Mr Sunak added.

On Sunday, dozens of protesters gathered around Portland port to ahead of the arrival the Bibby Stockolm barge, claiming the location was chosen without consulting locals.

Nearly 3,000 asylum seekers will also be housed on two military sites in Wethersfield and Scampton by the autumn, Mr Sunak said.

Speaking in Kent, Mr Sunak said his plan to stop small boat crossings "is starting to work".

Mr Sunak said crossings were down 20% between January and May this year, compared to the same period last year.

Earlier, the Home Office told the BBC Mr Sunak had been speaking about January to March this year, when in fact crossings fell only fell by 17% compared to the same period in 2022.

However, the department has now said he was referring to the figures for January to May after all. These show 7,610 arrivals, compared to 9,607 in the same period last year, a fall of almost 21%.

This is compared to a 30% increase in the number of migrants entering the rest of Europe illegally over the same period, according to Mr Sunak.

However, the biggest increase in the numbers arriving by small boats in 2022 happened during the summer months. This is typically when the weather is best for crossing the Channel.

A revised deal with the French authorities to stop migrant crossings prevented 33,000 illegal crossings last year, Mr Sunak added.

Under the new agreement, signed by Home Secretary Suella Braverman in November, the UK paid France £63m this year to invest in CCTV, policing and detention centres in French ports to try to prevent crossings.

The prime minister added: "With grit and determination, the government can fix this and we are using every tool at our disposal."

An estimated 500 male migrants will be housed on the Bibby Stockholm

And Mr Sunak said the UK had gone from accepting about one in five Albanian asylum cases to just one in 50.

"So far this year, the number of Albanian small boat arrivals has fallen by almost 90%" year-on-year, he said.

Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer accused the government promoting a "policy that doesn't work" which is "costing a fortune for the taxpayer".

Sir Keir said the promise of further measures to tackle the crisis was "like Groundhog Day" as crossings continue this year.

Home Office figures show about 7,600 people had been detected crossing the Channel so far this year.

In total, 45,755 migrants crossed the Channel in 2022, the highest number since figures began to be collected in 2018.

Crossings are heavily influenced by the weather and the summer months typically see higher numbers making the journey.

The government's Illegal Migration Bill is currently being debated in the House of Lords. The bill, which will place a legal duty on the home secretary to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, has been heavily criticised by peers.

The measures, unveiled in March, are a key part of prime ministers plan to stop small boats crossing the English Channel - which he has made a priority ahead of the next general election.

Coolio recorded eight studio albums and won an American Music Award and three MTV Video Music Awards

The death of US Grammy-winning rapper Coolio in September 2022 was due to the effects of fentanyl and other drugs, his manager has said.

Jarez Posey said the musician's family had been informed about the findings by the Los Angeles County coroner.

The artist was found unresponsive on the bathroom floor of a friend's LA house six months ago. He was 59.

Coolio, whose real name was Artis Leon Ivey Jr, won a Grammy for the 1995 track Gangsta's Paradise.

The hit - later chosen as the soundtrack to the film Dangerous Minds - went on to become one of the most successful rap songs of all time, helping to bring the genre into the mainstream.

It continues to be widely listened to and has passed a billion views on YouTube.

At the time of his death, the rapper was suffering from heart disease and asthma, the BBC's US partner CBS News reports.

While Coolio had recently used phencyclidine, or PCP, his death was as a result of the effects of a cocktail of fentanyl, heroin and methamphetamines, CBS said.

Coolio started making music in the 80s, but he cemented his place in hip-hop history when he recorded Gangsta's Paradise.

He was born in Pennsylvania, but grew up in the LA suburb of Compton, where his career flourished and he became a leading figure in the US West Coast rap music scene in the 90s.

His rap moniker came from a conversation with a friend who asked him: "Who do you think you are, Coolio Iglesias?", according to The Black Names Project website.

He worked as a volunteer firefighter in the San Jose area before dedicating himself full-time to hip-hop.

A talented producer and actor, he appeared in dozens of films and TV shows, including Celebrity Big Brother in the UK in 2009.

And he even found an outlet for his love of food with a book and internet series, Cooking with Coolio.

Over a career spanning four decades he recorded eight studio albums and won an American Music Award and three MTV Video Music Awards.

His other hits included Fantastic Voyage, Rollin' With My Homies, 1, 2, 3, 4 (Sumpin' New), and Too Hot.

Italy has moved to block a Chinese state-owned company from taking control of tyre making giant Pirelli.

The decision is part of measures announced by Italy's government to protect Pirelli's independence.

Beijing-controlled chemical giant Sinochem is Pirelli's biggest shareholder, with a 37% stake in the 151-year-old Milan-based firm.

It comes as tensions between Beijing and the West are in focus as the US secretary of state visits China.

On Sunday, Pirelli said in a statement to investors that the Italian government had ruled that only Camfin - a company controlled by Pirelli's boss Marco Tronchetti Provera - could nominate candidates to be its chief executive.

Pirelli also said the government had decided that any changes to the company's corporate governance should be subject to official scrutiny.

It came after Sinochem told the Italian government in March that it planned to renew and update an existing shareholder pact.

Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's administration examined the agreement under the so-called "Golden Power Procedure" rules, which are aimed at protecting businesses that are viewed as strategically important to the nation.

In 2015, Pirelli was sold for €7.1bn (£6.1bn; $7.8bn) to a group of investors including ChemChina and Camfin. Six years later ChemChina merged with state-owned Sinochem. The Chinese government's Silk Road investment fund also owns a 9% stake in Pirelli.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken is in Beijing, on his final day of a rare visit to China by such a high-ranking Washington official.

Mr Blinken's trip comes as the relationships between China and many Western nations have deteriorated in recent years over issues including trade, Taiwan and security.

Before his visit officials saw little chance of any breakthrough on the many disputes between the world's two biggest economies, which include Washington's attempts to slow the development of China's computer chip industry.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Shelby Lynn, 24, from Ballymena, went to see Rammstein in Vilnius

A woman from Northern Ireland has told the BBC she was recruited and "groomed" for sex with the lead singer of the German heavy metal band Rammstein.

Shelby Lynn, who also claims her drink was spiked at a concert in Vilnius in May, first made the claims on social media.

Her allegations triggered a wave of other sexual misconduct allegations against the band's frontman Till Lindemann.

The band have denied the claims.

A spokesman for Rammstein told the BBC an internal investigation was under way with the first results expected early next week.

The band, well known for its flamboyant shows and controversial lyrics, has been engulfed by scandal in recent weeks as a growing number of women claim that they were recruited for sex during concerts.

Like Ms Lynn, some suspect they were pre-selected on social media by a Russian woman, believed to have been a "recruiter" for Mr Lindemann, who invited them to parties before and after the show.

She also gave them access to a restricted area directly in front of the stage, known as "Row Zero".

Ms Lynn, who is 24 and from Ballymena in County Antrim, told the BBC that when she arrived at the venue a man named Joe asked her and other young women to line up.

She said: "He started filming... about four girls, including myself. He got very close to our faces."

Ms Lynn says singer Till Lindemann reacted angrily when she told him she would not have sex with him

She claimed that shortly afterwards he picked her and several other girls to attend a pre-concert party, where she was given alcohol and told Till Lindemann would like to meet her during a brief intermission once the concert began.

"I said: 'Why? Why me? Is this some sort of a sex thing?' [He replied:] 'No, no, no, nothing like that, nothing like that at all. Till's the perfect gentleman.'"

Ms Lynn said she was ushered into a small room underneath the stage.

"As soon as Joe opens the curtains my stomach drops - this is bad, this is a sex thing absolutely.

"This room was no bigger than a Primark dressing room - like teeny tiny, dark black - you could maybe fit four or five people in it.

"Till comes in and I immediately say: 'Till, if you're here for sex. I'm not doing that.'"

The singer, she said, reacted angrily and left.

Ms Lynn, who has emphasised on social media she wasn't sexually assaulted, said her memory of the evening was "blurry" and she recalls feeling nauseous and vomiting at a party after the concert.

She believes her drink was spiked and that she was the victim of an "organised system of funnelling girls".

"I was groomed, 100 percent, no doubt in my mind. I was groomed for sex," she said.

Rammstein initially reacted to her claims last month by releasing a statement online in which the band fully denied them.

On Saturday, after other women came forward with allegations, the band published another statement, saying that they took the accusations extremely seriously.

They condemned any kind of assault but asked their fans not to "pre-judge" them.

A spokesman for the band has subsequently told the BBC that it is now investigating the claims and interviewing staff and crew as part of the enquiry.

Rammstein is currently performing several concerts in Germany.

After demands from several politicians, including the German families minister, Wednesday's show in Munich went ahead with no "Row Zero".

There were specialist "awareness teams" on hand to assist anyone in a vulnerable position.

The spokesman added that the band had severed contact with the Russian woman accused of helping to select women for "Row Zero".

They said private after-show parties with Till Lindemann had been cancelled.

The search is taking place along the River North Esk near the village of Edzell in Angus

A search is under way for a 15-year-old boy who got into difficulty in the River North Esk near the village of Edzell in Angus.

Specialist search teams are searching the area near Gannochy Bridge.

Emergency services were first made aware of the incident at about 17:10 on Saturday.

Police Scotland said emergency crews remained in attendance and searches were ongoing. The teenager's next of kin are aware.

A separate search at the River Dee was launched on Sunday.

Police, firefighters and paramedics were sent to Banchory after a man was spotted in difficulty in the fast-flowing river just after 15:30.

Water rescue units from Aberdeen and Dundee were sent to the scene along with fire crews from Banchory and Aboyne.

Police have confirmed the man has been traced safe and well.

Russia has taken control of the Russian subsidiaries of yoghurt maker Danone and beer company Carlsberg.

The units have been put in "temporary management" of the state, under a new order signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Moscow introduced rules earlier this year allowing it to seize the assets of firms from "unfriendly" countries.

This came after many companies halted business in Russia following its invasion of Ukraine.

Danone and Carlsberg were in the process of selling their Russian operations.

Sunday's order places the shares of Danone Russia and the Carlsberg-owned Baltika Breweries under the control of Russian property agency Rosimushchestvo.

France-based Danone, which started the process to sell its Russian business last October, said it was "currently investigating the situation".

The firm added that it was "preparing to take all necessary measures to protect its rights as shareholder of Danone Russia, and the continuity of the operations of the business".

Carlsberg said it had not received "any official information from the Russian authorities regarding the presidential decree of the consequences for Baltika Breweries".

The Danish brewer also said it had completed an "extensive process" to separate the Russian unit from the rest of the company. Last month, the company signed an agreement to sell Baltika Breweries but had not yet completed the deal.

"Following the presidential decree, the prospects for this sales process are now highly uncertain," it added.

In April, Mr Putin signed an order allowing Russia to take temporary control of foreign assets, in response to actions by the US and other countries that Russia said were "unfriendly and contrary to international law".

Also in April, it was announced that the Russian units of two energy companies - Germany's Uniper and Fortum of Finland, had been brought under state control.

Danone's Russia operation is the country's largest dairy company, with around 8,000 employees.

It was estimated that the sale of the business would result in a €1bn ($1.1bn; £860m) hit for Danone.

Meanwhile, Carlsberg subsidiary Baltika produces some of the most recognisable beer brands in Russia, with 8,400 employees across eight plants, according to Carlsberg's website.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

At least ten people have been killed, including three children, in a blast at a fireworks warehouse in a market in southern Thailand on Saturday.

The explosion in Sungai Kolok, on the Malaysian border, seriously injured at least 115 people and is thought to have been caused by construction work.

Residents described hearing a huge explosion at around 15:00 (09:00 BST).

The force shook buildings, shattered windows and collapsed roofs, sending a massive plume of smoke into the air.

The explosion has also destroyed a large part of the town in Narathiwat province.

The market fire has been brought under control and a preliminary investigation indicates a "technical error" in steel welding during construction work on the building was responsible, local governor Sanon Pongaksorn said.

At a press conference on Sunday, he said the death toll stood at 10, but that it may rise because rescuers had found parts of two bodies that they could not identify.

Seksan Taesen, an eyewitness who lives 100m (330 ft) from the market, said he was at home when he heard a "loud, thunderous noise and my whole house shook".

"Then I saw my roof was wide open. I looked outside and I saw house collapsing and people lying on the ground everywhere. It was chaos," he told AFP.

Accidents involving fireworks in South East Asia, which are commonly used in the region to commemorate big events, are not unusual.

One in a factory in Indonesia six years ago killed 49 people. Another five days ago killed one woman and injured 10 more in northern Thailand.

Despite public pressure to improve safety, Thailand still has a poor record of accidents on its roads, construction sites and in the work place.

Enforcement of regulations is all the more challenging in Sungai Kolok - a notoriously rowdy border town where anything goes, located in a region of Thailand which is still blighted by an active armed insurgency.

Thailand's armed forces shared a screengrab from drone footage of the explosion's aftermath

Just Stop Oil have said they were not responsible for an incident at ex-chancellor George Osborne's wedding, which saw a protester throw orange confetti over the newly married couple.

The protest was similar to those carried out by the environmental group.

But, a spokesperson told the BBC they did not know the protester's identity.

The group had posted a clip from news agency PA on Twitter with the message: "You look good in orange George Osborne."

In the video a woman in a smart floral dress approaches George Osborne and Thea Rogers as they leave the church and begins throwing confetti, taken from a union jack paper bag.

In a statement the group said: "If it was a form of protest (which is yet to be established) we applaud it and thank the person concerned.

"It was peaceful and not especially disruptive but got massive media attention for Just Stop Oil's demand."

The group added that the media should focus on more important issues including the government's decision to license over 100 new oil and gas projects and wildfires in Canada.

It came as an email, widely shared online, made several unsubstantiated claims about Mr Osborne's private life.

Reports suggest Mr Osborne has contacted the police about the email.

Around 200 people, including ex-Prime Minister David Cameron and Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove attended the ceremony in the village of Bruton, Somerset.

Mr Osborne was previously married to Frances Osborne, but the pair divorced in 2019 after 21 years of marriage.

Ms Rogers previously worked as an adviser to Mr Osborne, and in 2016 was awarded an OBE for her work.

Police officers outside Mr Murrell and Ms Sturgeon's home last April

Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf has said the SNP would like to see a conclusion to the marathon police inquiry into its funding and finances.

Operation Branchform was launched in July 2021 and on Friday it will be a year since police arrested the SNP's former chief executive Peter Murrell.

His wife, former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, was arrested in June. Both were released without charge.

Mr Yousaf told BBC Scotland News he would like the inquiry to be over.

But he said Police Scotland should take as much time as they need.

After his early morning arrest on 5 April, the police spent the day searching the home Mr Murrell shares with Ms Sturgeon in Glasgow.

Images of a police tent in the couple's front garden dominated news bulletins and front pages and sent shockwaves around the country.

Police insiders said they needed the tent so they could examine potential evidence without being filmed or photographed by the media.

Mr Murrell has been married to Nicola Sturgeon since 2010

Its use and the scale of the police operation angered many in the SNP and a year on, with a general election on the way, the protracted inquiry is the cause of growing disquiet among party members.

Mr Murrell's arrest 12 months ago was followed by that of the party's former treasurer Colin Beattie, who was also released without charge.

Afterwards she told reporters: "I respect and fully understand the process that's underway but I am absolutely certain that I have done nothing wrong and that is a position that I will continue to maintain."

Humza Yousaf succeeded Nicola Sturgeon as first minister last March

Asked this week if he was frustrated over the length of time being taken by the inquiry, Mr Yousaf replied: "Well, I think people will realise that all of us in the SNP would like to see a conclusion to Operation Branchform.

"I think that's stating the obvious but, of course, it's up to Police Scotland to determine how long that takes and for them to have the space and time to investigate thoroughly and I don't intend to interfere in that.

"It's for Police Scotland to take as much time as they require in order to investigate thoroughly."

The investigation originally centred on £600,000 which had been raised for a second campaign for independence.

In July last year, the then chief constable Sir Iain Livingstone shed some light on why it was taking so long.

He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that inquiries around "fraud or potential embezzlement or misuse of funds" take time.

Sir Iain said investigators needed to obtain information from banks and other financial institutions, which required judicial warrants.

In a later interview Sir Iain said the sooner the investigation was concluded, the better for everyone involved.

But he added the force was duty bound to carry out its work as rigorously as possible.

Another source with knowledge of the case put it this way: "It will take as long as it takes."

Since her appointment, the new Chief Constable Jo Farrell has refused to discuss the case.

In a statement, Police Scotland said: "As the investigation remains ongoing we are unable to comment."

Former SNP treasurer Colin Beattie was also arrested but released without charge

The next expected step is for the police to send what is called a standard prosecution report to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS).

Its lawyers would then decide what action, if any, should be taken.

No-one is saying when that might happen and the Crown has confirmed that, as yet, no-one has been reported for prosecution.

A spokesperson said: "Senior professional prosecutors from COPFS and an advocate depute are working with police on this ongoing investigation.

"The duration of any investigation will vary depending on its individual circumstances.

"As is routine, to protect the integrity of ongoing investigations, we do not comment in detail on their conduct."

The senior law officers at the top of the Crown Office are not involved in the process because the case involves politicians.

The Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain KC and her deputy Solicitor General Ruth Charteris KC are the Scottish government's principal legal advisors and members of the Scottish cabinet.

The Crown Office spokesperson said: "It is standard practise that any case regarding politicians is dealt with by prosecutors without the involvement of the Law Officers.

Passengers could see reduced services or routes scrapped altogether once pandemic-era funding ends in the summer, the bus industry has said.

The Bus Emergency Scheme (BES) is set to end in June.

With fewer people now using buses than in 2019, one industry boss warned of a "cliff edge" with some smaller firms having to leave the market altogether.

A government minister said he was working with the industry to see which services are important.

Bus firms in Wales, Scotland and England were provided with subsidies to keep routes on the road after passenger numbers collapsed at the start of the pandemic.

But despite Covid restrictions having long since eased, bus companies say passenger numbers have not recovered - with older customers in particular not fully returning to services.

The Welsh government recently extended the scheme into the new financial year, but only for three months.

Welsh Deputy Climate Change Minister Lee Waters recently told the Senedd that the extension would give the industry a reprieve to work out which routes to keep.

But he argued the Welsh government could not afford to continue the scheme, and said that he hoped there could be a "skeleton service" after the scheme ends.

Bus firms also get grants from councils and receive money when holders of concessionary bus passes use their routes.

The most recent official figures show that passenger journeys were down 43% in Wales in 2021-22 compared to 2019-20.

Mel Evans is managing director of Mid Wales Travel in Aberystwyth, which runs six bus routes on a commercial basis and three others subsidised by Ceredigion council.

Mr Evans said the commercial services are "in danger" - and some of them could be scrapped.

"We've already had to cut some of them back to every two hours instead of every hour, just so that we know that we can save them and keep them going," he said.

Mel Evans said many of his routes would be in 'danger'

Mr Evans said the BES has been a "lifeline". He said the company's passenger numbers remain 50% down on what they were before the pandemic. Older people, he said, have not returned to buses.

"Mrs Jones would, for example, go into town on a Monday and get a bit of shopping. On Wednesday she would go and have her hair done, Friday again do a bit of shopping.

"Through Covid she found out she could have her food and shopping delivered on a Monday and Friday. The hairdresser now comes to her house and when she meets her friends they meet in somebody's house. That's four journeys lost."

Richard Thomas is head of operations with Edwards Coaches, which operates three public service routes in the Rhondda Cynon Taf area.

One of the three - the 90 from Gwaunmiskin to Pontypridd - would likely be scrapped in its current form once the BES ends.

"We're working closely to try to keep some of those services going beyond June, if we can merge them with the 100 service, which is similar that operates via the main road.

"But on its own the 90 service just doesn't stand up," he said.

Other services the company runs could see a reduced frequency, he explained. He is hoping that a scheme by Rhondda Cynon Taf council for free travel in March may encourage people back, making cuts unnecessary.

But he said if passenger numbers remain the same as they are now "then we would definitely need some form of support to carry on running".

Marge Jones said the 90 service was a "lifesaver".

Passengers on the number 90 say it's a "vital" service for them to get into Pontypridd.

Many use their bus passes and say it's their main way of getting about. Susan Rice-Bevan, 62, from Llantwit Fardre, hops on two or three times a week.

"It is quite a trek up to the main road to use another service which a lot of elderly people in the community find quite difficult," she said.

If it were lost "it would isolate a lot of people who can't get out to do their shopping, who perhaps haven't got the facilities to do online shopping".

John Wornham, 92, from Church Village said: "It's essential to me to get to the village because the only way I can get up the hill is on the bus.

"Once a week I go to Ponty on a Wednesday to do my shopping in the market."

Marge Jones, 70, from Tonteg was taking her husband Derryck, 72, to a medical appointment.

"It's a lifesaver," she said. "We rely on this."

The chief executive of a bus industry body that represents 50 members said 15-20% of the bus network might be lost once the funding ends.

Graham Vidler, of the Confederation of Passenger Transport, said while larger firms might be able to downsize and adjust, there would be more severe consequences in rural areas and "in areas which are particularly dependent on people travelling on their free bus passes".

Small and medium firms could face leaving the market altogether, he said.

Mr Vidler estimated that while fare paying passenger figures are down 10% on the start of the pandemic, bus pass passenger figures are down 35%.

"We will see some communities, particularly in rural West Wales, cut off from the bus network altogether", he warned.

He said larger firms would also need to reduce services which could mean reduced frequencies, fewer services at weekends, later starting times and earlier finishing times.

"If you suddenly take that scheme away you get that cliff edge effect where all of a sudden a large proportion of the network suddenly becomes unviable".

He argued that more of the £60m cash earmarked for concessionary fare subsidy in the budget should reach bus firms.

Lee Waters, speaking at the Senedd climate change committee on Wednesday morning, said the government was hoping that "in exchange for a certain amount of money... we are able to reach agreement on which services are more important than others".

He said the Welsh government faces a "very difficult dilemma that the privatised bus industry has only been able to survive through public subsidy during Covid".

"Passenger numbers have not recovered, the farebox has not recovered."

"The reality is, we're going to have to face changes," he said.

"Energy spent on trying to say we should keep things as they are is not well spent energy, because we can't keep things as they are."

But he said he did not know what a core service meant, saying it was hard for bus firms to forecast.

Coach and Bus Operators Cymru (CaBAC), which represents smaller firms, also warned that a reduction in fleet sizes could lead to fewer drivers and vehicles available for home to school transport.

"The knock-on effect would be widely felt - not only would local bus services be decimated with people unable to travel for employment, shopping, hospital and other important appointments," it said.

The Welsh government said it has provided "£48m in emergency funding to the bus industry this financial year and approximately £150m since the beginning of the pandemic".

"When we confirmed an initial three month extension of funding earlier this month, we made clear that we need to start to transition away from this emergency style of funding," a spokesman said.

He said plans for franchising, where private firms would have to bid to run services, "is a key step towards introducing legal powers to deliver a new model for running buses in Wales".

"This is a chance for us to deliver better connected services and we will continue to work closely with local authorities, operators and other partners - including Transport for Wales - to build a strong and sustainable bus network for Wales," the spokesman added.

Steve Apelt is travelling across the site on his custom-made novelty bike

Glastonbury veterans who have attended for more than four decades say the festival has not lost its magic.

Steve Apelt, 60, from Chiselborough, Somerset, has been a regular since the early 1980s and first went to Glastonbury aged 21.

He said he had watched the festival go from "chaotic" to "the most beautiful thing on the planet".

Pat Rogers, 73, who has attended since the 1970s said he still finds "there's so much to see at Glastonbury".

Mr Apelt said: "It went through that time when it was a festival when everyone was jumping the fence, and it all became a bit chaotic, to now, which is the most beautiful thing on the planet.

"Last night, we spent hours just walking around and every corner that you turn there's something else that's so innovative, beautiful, pretty and so many people just love it for that."

Mr Apelt described the festival as "the most beautiful thing on the planet"

HGV driver Ben Rogers, 46, from Wells, who first came to Glastonbury aged one, said it is "simply the greatest show on earth".

"Many say it's too commercial now, but for me, it's still kept that incredible vibe and atmosphere you simply can't explain to anyone who hasn't been," he said.

"Everyone comes and instantly embraces - it's impossible not to," he added.

Dancers from the Notting Hill Carnival are among this year's performers

Mr Rogers, a retired car technician, said variety is what sets the festival apart.

"You don't just turn up for the groups and go home, there's so much to see at Glastonbury," Mr Rogers said.

But he added that it has become "quite political".

"At my age, it irks me a little the political side of stuff as everything is in your face," he said.

"Everybody has got to have a voice for something, but it's too much down your throat, in my opinion," added Mr Rogers.

Glastonbury founder Michael Eavis performed his own set on Thursday evening

On Thursday evening the original Glastonbury veteran, founder Michael Eavis, performed a collection of classics on The Park Stage.

The 87-year-old, who was wheeled on in an office chair due to a foot injury, kicked-off with Frank Sinatra's Love's Been Good To Me.

Eavis changed the words from "There was a girl in Portland" to "There was a girl in Pilton", in reference to the nearest village to Worthy Farm.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

A series of climate records on temperature, ocean heat, and Antarctic sea ice have alarmed some scientists who say their speed and timing is unprecedented.

Dangerous heatwaves in Europe could break further records, the UN says.

It is hard to immediately link these events to climate change because weather - and oceans - are so complex.

Studies are under way, but scientists already fear some worst-case scenarios are unfolding.

"I'm not aware of a similar period when all parts of the climate system were in record-breaking or abnormal territory," Thomas Smith, an environmental geographer at London School of Economics, says.

"The Earth is in uncharted territory" now due to global warming from burning fossil fuels, as well as heat from the first El Niño - a warming natural weather system - since 2018, says Imperial College London climate science lecturer Dr Paulo Ceppi.

Here are four climate records broken so far this summer - the hottest day on record, the hottest June on record globally, extreme marine heatwaves, record-low Antarctic sea-ice - and what they tell us.

The world experienced its hottest day ever recorded in July, breaking the global average temperature record set in 2016.

Average global temperature topped 17C for the first time, reaching 17.08C on 6 July, according to EU climate monitoring service Copernicus.

Ongoing emissions from burning fossil fuels like oil, coal, and gas are behind the planet's warming trend.

This is exactly what was forecast to happen in a world warmed by more greenhouse gases, says climate scientist Dr Friederike Otto, from Imperial College London.

"Humans are 100% behind the upward trend," she says.

"If I'm surprised by anything, it's that we're seeing the records broken in June, so earlier in the year. El Niño normally doesn't really have a global impact until five or six months into the phase," Dr Smith says.

El Niño is the world's most powerful naturally occurring climate fluctuation. It brings warmer water to the surface in the tropical Pacific, pushing warmer air into the atmosphere. It normally increases global air temperatures.

The average global temperature in June this year was 1.47C above the typical June in the pre-industrial period. Humans started pumping greenhouse gases into the atmosphere when the Industrial Revolution started around 1800.

Asked if summer 2023 is what he would have forecasted a decade ago, Dr Smith says that climate models are good at predicting long-term trends but less good at forecasting the next 10 years.

"Models from the 1990s pretty much put us where we are today. But to have an idea about what the next 10 years would look like exactly would be very difficult," he says.

"Things aren't going to cool down," he adds.

The average global ocean temperature has smashed records for May, June and July. It is approaching the highest sea surface temperature ever recorded, which was in 2016.

But it is extreme heat in the North Atlantic ocean that is particularly alarming scientists.

"We've never ever had a marine heatwave in this part of Atlantic. I had not expected this," says Daniela Schmidt, Prof of Earth Sciences at the University of Bristol.

Press play to see the map animated.

In June temperatures off the west coast of Ireland were between 4C and 5C above average, which the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration classified as a category 5 heatwave, or "beyond extreme".

Directly attributing this heatwave to climate change is complex, but that work is ongoing, Prof Schmidt says.

What is clear is that the world has warmed and the oceans have absorbed most of that heat from the atmosphere, she explains.

"Our models have natural variability in them, and there are still things appearing that we had not envisaged, or at least not yet," she adds.

She emphasises the impact of this heat on marine ecosystems, which produce 50% of the world's oxygen.

"People tend to think about trees and grasses dying when we talk about heatwaves. The Atlantic is 5C warmer than it should be - that means organisms need 50% more food just to function as normal," she says.

The area covered by sea-ice in the Antarctic is at record lows for July. There is an area around 10 times the size of the UK missing, compared with the 1981-2010 average.

Alarm bells are ringing for scientists as they try to unpick the exact link to climate change.

A warming world could reduce levels of Antarctic sea-ice, but the current dramatic reduction could also be due to local weather conditions or ocean currents, explains Dr Caroline Holmes at the British Antarctic Survey.

She emphasises it is not just a record being broken - it is being smashed by a long way.

"This is nothing like anything we've seen before in July. It's 10% lower than the previous low, which is huge."

She calls it "another sign that we don't really understand the pace of change".

Scientists believed that global warming would affect Antarctic sea-ice at some point, but until 2015 it bucked the global trend for other oceans, Dr Holmes says.

"You can say that we've fallen off a cliff, but we don't know what's at the bottom of the cliff here," she says.

"I think this has taken us by surprise in terms of the speed of which has happened. It's definitely not the best case scenario that we were looking at - it's closer to the worst case," she says.

We can certainly expect more and more of these records to break as the year goes on and we enter 2024, scientists say.

But it would be wrong to call what is happening a "climate collapse" or "runaway warming", cautions Dr Otto.

We are in a new era, but "we still have time to secure a liveable future for many", she explains.

The English National Opera's new home is set to be announced in December

The English National Opera (ENO) has been given until 2029 to move its headquarters out of London under Arts Council England (Ace) plans.

The company, currently based at the London Coliseum, will be given £24m to deliver an opera in the capital and establish a new main base.

The funding, which will be granted between 2024 and 2026, is on top of the £11.5m for 2023.

The ENO's new home is expected to be announced in December, it said.

The opera company has been told by the Arts Council to relocate from the capital by 2026 or lose its public funding.

Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer said she welcomed the agreement made with the "treasured national institution".

"I look forward to seeing the plans it develops to make sure more people across the country can experience its fantastic work," she added.

The English National Opera has until 2029 to move out of its main base at the London Coliseum

In November last year, Ace said it would axe the opera company's £12.6m core annual grant, replacing it with £17m over three years - effectively halving the funding - as part of a plan to relocate.

It came after the Arts Council was instructed by the government to spread more money beyond the capital.

After a backlash, Ace announced in January it would spend £11.5m in 2023 to sustain a programme of work in London, while helping it to start planning for a new base by 2026, with five cities later shortlisted.

The Arts Council has now confirmed it has extended the deadline to relocate by three years, from March 2026 to March 2029.

Equity has previously said a survey of its members working at the ENO showed more than two-thirds would quit the company - and the profession - if it left London. Many said they had caring responsibilities, partners working, or children going to school in the capital.

The London Assembly also formally objected in June to the relocation outside of the capital.

In a joint statement, the opera company and Ace said the longer timeframe to find a new base would mean "more stability, allow for consultation with staff, more work in London and more time for the ENO to develop partnerships in the new city and to establish a programme there".

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The man was set on fire on Brixham Road, in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham

A man has been set alight while walking home from a mosque in Birmingham.

Police said the attack had taken place in Brixham Road, Edgbaston, just after 19:00 GMT on Monday.

He was walking home from a mosque in Dudley Road when, West Midlands Police believes, another man approached him and spoke to him briefly.

The individual then sprayed the victim with an unknown substance and set alight his jacket. The motive for the attack is so far unclear, say officers.

The injured man was taken to hospital with burns to his face which are not thought to be life threatening.

A video of an attack shared on social media which shows a man being set alight is also being investigated by police as part of the investigation.

Extra officers have been sent into the area to speak to the community and provide reassurance.

Supt James Spencer said: "Our officers have been working through the night to establish what happened and who is responsible.

"We are determined to find the person responsible and get those answers as soon as possible, and I'd urge the community to work with us and to avoid any speculation at this stage."

In a joint statement, the city council's leader Ian Ward, cabinet member for community safety John Cotton and ward councillors Sharon Thompson and Marcus Bernasconi called it a "horrific attack".

They also said they would be talking with community groups and local mosques "to offer support to the wider community".

"We would urge the community to work with the police and to avoid any speculation at this stage," they added.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Police are hunting for a killer who they say has absconded from a mental health facility in east London.

Philip Theophilou, 54, left the facility in Homerton on Sunday and did not return, the Met Police said.

He was being detained for stabbing his neighbour, Simon Breed. At his trial in 2005, he admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The Met said officers were concerned he "posed a risk without access to his medication".

He was last seen in the Green Park area on Sunday at about 11:25BST. He was wearing a grey jumper, blue jeans and black jacket.

He was last seen on CCTV in the Green Park area

At his trial at the Old Bailey in 2005, the court heard Mr Breed had six stab wounds and several defence wounds after Theophilou lay in wait for him with a kitchen knife outside their house in Cornwall Avenue, Alexandra Park.

In 2003, Theophilou had caused thousands of pounds worth of damage to Mr Breed's house and car with a meat cleaver.

The attack followed building work started by Mr Breed shortly after he moved in 2002, and which had caused a crack in the next door house that Theophilou shared with his parents, the court heard.

He was sectioned under the Mental Health Act and released from St Ann's Hospital in August 2003.

There were no problems until eight months later when Mr Breed was attacked at night as he returned from playing at a folk club, the court heard.

Following his conviction, Theophilou was sent to Broadmoor special hospital under the Mental Health Act.

Doctors said he had schizophrenia and at the time of the killing, had not been taking his medication.

Anyone who sees Theophilou should not approach him and instead call 999.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Around 10% of England's motorway network is made up of smart motorways

The building of all new smart motorways is being cancelled over cost and safety concerns, the government has announced.

Some 14 planned schemes, including 11 already on pause and three set for construction, will be scrapped due to finances and low public confidence.

Smart motorways are a stretch of road where technology is used to regulate traffic flow and ease congestion.

They also use the hard shoulder as an extra lane of traffic, which critics claim has led to road deaths.

Existing smart motorways - making up 10% of England's motorway network - will remain and undergo a previously announced safety refit to create 150 more emergency stopping places and improved technology.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak - who pledged to ban smart motorways during his leadership campaign - said "all drivers deserve to have confidence in the roads they use to get around the country".

The Department for Transport said the new schemes would have cost more than £1bn, and cancelling them would allow time to track public trust in smart motorways over a longer period.

There are three main types:

All three models use overhead gantries to direct drivers. Variable speed limits are introduced to control traffic flow when there is congestion, or if there is a hazard ahead. These limits are controlled by speed cameras.

Seven of the 14 projects that have been cancelled were going to involve converting stretches of motorway into "all-lane running" roads where the hard shoulder is permanently removed.

They will now remain as "dynamic" smart motorways where the hard shoulder can be opened as an extra lane during busy times.

The construction of two stretches of smart motorway from junctions six to eight on the M56, and from 21a to 26 on the M6, will continue as they are already more than three quarters complete.

Smart motorways were developed to create more capacity and cut congestion on roads, without spending money and causing disruption building news ones.

However, they have been criticised by MPs and road safety bodies, including the AA and RAC.

Edmund King, the AA's president, said he welcomed the decision to scrap planned smart motorways and said it was a "victory for common sense", calling for the hard shoulder to be reinstated on existing smart motorways, including a permanent red 'X' and new lane markings. He hoped the government's decision marked the end of "deadly" smart motorways.

He added: "We have had enough coroners passing down their deadly and heart-breaking judgments where the lack of a hard shoulder has contributed to deaths".

Meanwhile, the RAC called the plans a "watershed announcement", saying its research showed that smart motorways were "deeply unpopular with drivers".

Claire Mercer, whose husband died on a smart motorway in South Yorkshire in 2019, welcomed the move but pledged to continue campaigning for the hard shoulder to return on every road.

Jason Mercer and another man, Alexandru Murgeanu, died when they were hit by a lorry on the M1 near Sheffield after they stopped on the inside lane of the smart motorway following a minor collision.

Mrs Mercer said: "I'm particularly happy that it's been confirmed that the routes that are in planning, in progress, have also been cancelled. I didn't think they'd do that.

"So it's good news, but obviously it's the existing ones that are killing us. And I'm not settling for more emergency refuge areas."

A spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats said the scrapping of further smart motorways was "long overdue".

"The lives of too many families have been turned upside down by the death of a loved one on these roads," they added.

Louise Haigh MP, Labour's transport secretary, said: "We know smart motorways, coupled with inadequate safety systems, are not fit for purpose and are putting lives at risk", adding that ministers should "reinstate hard shoulders on existing smart motorways".

These motorway sections will no longer become new all-lane-running smart motorways:

The following stretches were due to be converted to all-lane-running, but will remain dynamic smart motorways:

Schemes for the following motorways were in the pipeline, but have been cancelled:

Meera Naran, whose eight-year-old son was killed on a smart motorway in 2018 when the stationary car he was in was hit by a lorry, said the announcement was a "huge achievement" but she would continue campaigning.

She said smart motorways and regular motorways "carry very different benefits and risks" and suggested merging both models.

Speaking on BBC One's Breakfast programme, Ms Naran said she would campaign for what she called "controlled motorways" which use the technology of smart motorways with the benefits of a hard shoulder.

Dev died when his grandfather had to stop their car on the M6 at a time when the hard shoulder was being used for moving traffic

In 2020, a BBC Panorama investigation found 38 people had died in the previous five years on smart motorways.

Transport Secretary Mark Harper said: "Today's announcement means no new smart motorways will be built, recognising the lack of public confidence felt by drivers and the cost pressures due to inflation."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Japan was forced to blow up its new rocket during a failed launch on Tuesday, setting back efforts to crack a market led by Elon Musk's SpaceX.

Its space agency had to send a self-destruct command to the H3 rocket when its second-stage engine failed minutes after lift-off.

Observers say it is a significant setback for Japan's Aerospace Exploration Agency (Jaxa).

The H3 rocket is the first medium-lift rocket designed by Japan in three decades.

It has been presented as a cheaper alternative to SpaceX's Falcon 9 for launching commercial and government satellites into Earth's orbit.

On Tuesday, engineers had aimed to send the 57m (187ft) rocket into space with a monitoring satellite on board. The ALOS-3 system is capable of detecting North Korean missile launches.

But Jaxa said soon after launch, engineers were forced to send a self-destruct prompt to the H3 after it experienced "reduced velocity" in the second stage of its launch.

Tuesday's launch came after an aborted launch in February, when the rocket failed to get off the launch pad due to faulty rocket boosters.

"Unlike the previous cancellation and postponement, this time it was a complete failure," Hirotaka Watanabe, a space policy professor at Osaka University told Reuters.

"This will have a serious impact on Japan's future space policy, space business and technological competitiveness," he added.

Japan's Science Minister Keiko Nagaoka said authorities would investigate the cause of the engine failure.

She apologised for "failing to meet the expectations of the public and related parties" and described the development as "extremely regrettable".

Japan had presented the H3 as a viable commercial alternative to the Falcon 9 rocket because the H3 ran on a lower-cost engine with 3D-printed parts.

Had the mission succeeded, Jaxa said it had planned to launch the H3 around six times a year for the next two decades.

Japan is deepening co-operation with the US in space and has committed to carrying cargo to the planned Gateway lunar space station - which Nasa plans to deploy to the moon's orbit.

Tokyo's broader space programme also involves sending people to the moon, including Japanese astronauts.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Running Twitter has been "quite painful" and "a rollercoaster", Elon Musk has said, in a hastily arranged live interview with the BBC.

The multi-billionaire entrepreneur also said he would sell the company if the right person came along.

Mr Musk, who also runs car maker Tesla and rocket firm SpaceX, bought Twitter for $44bn (£35.4bn) in October.

The interview from the firm's HQ in San Francisco covered the mass lay-offs, misinformation and his work habits.

But he admitted he only went through with the takeover because a judge was about to force him to make the purchase.

And he confirmed Twitter will change its newly added label for the BBC's account from "government funded media" to say it is "publicly funded" instead.

During the conversation - in which Mr Musk tried to do the interviewing as much as the other way around - he defended his running of the company.

Asked whether he had any regrets about buying Twitter, the world's second richest man said the "pain level has been extremely high, this hasn't been some kind of party".

Talking about his time at the helm so far, Mr Musk said: "It's not been boring. It's been quite a rollercoaster."

It has been "really quite a stressful situation over the last several months", he added, but said he still felt that buying the company was the right thing to do.

After building a stake in Twitter at the start of 2022, Mr Musk made a takeover offer. But Twitter later sued him after he tried to back out of the deal.

Things are going "reasonably well", Mr Musk told the BBC, stating that usage of the site is up and "the site works".

The workload means that "I sometimes sleep in the office", he said, adding that he has a spot on a couch in a library "that nobody goes to".

And he also addressed his sometimes controversial tweets saying: "Have I shot myself in the foot with tweets multiple times? Yes."

"I think I should not tweet after 3am," he added.

Asked about the decision to add a label to the BBC's main Twitter account describing it as "government funded media", Mr Musk said: "I know the BBC is generally not thrilled about being labelled state media."

Earlier this week, the corporation contacted the social media giant over the designation on the @BBC account to resolve the issue "as soon as possible".

"The BBC is, and always has been, independent. We are funded by the British public through the licence fee," it said.

Mr Musk said Twitter was adjusting the label for the BBC to "publicly-funded". The change was made several hours later, but the new label was still linking through to a page with information about government and state-affiliated media.

"We're trying to be accurate," he said.

"I actually do have a lot of respect for the BBC," he added, stating that the interview was "a good opportunity to ask some questions" and "to get some feedback on what we should be doing different".

The BBC is the UK's national broadcaster and operates through a Royal Charter agreed with the government. It is funded by a licence fee paid by UK households - accounting for £3.8bn ($4.7bn) in 2022, about 71% of the BBC's total income of £5.3bn.

The rest of the funding comes from its commercial and other activities like grants, royalties and rental income. The BBC also receives more than £90m per year from the government to support the BBC World Service, which predominantly serves non-UK audiences.

Discussing Twitter's finances, Mr Musk said the company is now "roughly breaking even", as most of its advertisers have returned.

He also said that cutting the workforce from just under 8,000 at the time he bought the firm to about 1,500 had not been easy.

He admitted he did not fire everybody in person, saying: "It's not possible to talk with that many people face to face."

The exit of many of Twitter's engineers since Mr Musk bought the company has raised concerns about the stability of the platform.

He acknowledged some glitches, including outages on the site but he said the outages have not been for very long and the site was currently working fine.

On buying Twitter: "It's not been boring. It has been quite a rollercoaster... It's been really quite a stressful situation."

On laying off staff: "I wouldn't say it was uncaring... If the whole ship sinks, then nobody's got a job."

On profits: "We could be profitable, or to be more precise, cash flow positive this quarter if things keep going well. I think almost all advertisers have come back or said they are going to come back."

On his controversial tweets: "Have I shot myself in the foot with tweets multiple times? Yes."

On labelling the BBC as "Government-funded media": "We're adjusting the label to... publicly funded... If we use the same words that the BBC uses to describes itself, then presumably that would be OK."

In the interview - which was broadcast live via the Twitter Spaces service - Mr Musk was also challenged over misinformation and hate speech on the platform.

He claimed that there was less misinformation on Twitter since the takeover, and that his efforts to delete bots - automated accounts - will decrease fake news.

But many outside experts disagree. One study - and there are quite a few others along the same lines - found engagement with popular misinformation-spreading accounts spiked after Mr Musk's takeover.

He repeatedly questioned whether journalists were fair arbiters of truth and said he had more trust in "ordinary people".

On the issue of legacy-verified blue ticks on the platform, Mr Musk said they would be removed from accounts by the end of next week.

Former Twitter executive Bruce Daisley - who ran the business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa for eight years - said the interview "gave us some insight into the strange life of this billionaire".

"He confessed today that the only reason he went through with buying Twitter was because he believed a judge would force him to go through with the transaction. He's never admitted that till now, so it was a very whimsical interview."

Mr Daisley also suggested the interview showed Mr Musk was not always consistent in what he says.

Elon Musk has an estimated personal fortune of almost $190bn, making him the world's second richest person, according to the Forbes billionaires list.

The government has stopped engaging with the CBI business lobby group pending the outcome of an investigation into sexual misconduct allegations.

The Treasury as well as ministers from the Department for business and trade have "paused engagement" with the CBI, the BBC understands.

It comes as the lobby group faces a number of claims, including rape.

The CBI said it understood the government's decision as it awaits the outcome of an investigation.

Law firm Fox Williams has been hired to look into all the allegations facing the CBI. The group said it expects to have "preliminary findings and actions" from the first stage of the investigation shortly after Easter.

The group has postponed all public events in the meantime, including the CBI's annual dinner.

The chancellor is usually the keynote speaker at the flagship event of one of Britain's largest business groups, which represents more than 190,000 companies and lobbies politicians on their behalf to make policies that benefit UK businesses.

The CBI also hosts regular events for business leaders to meet and talk about policies as well as offering research and consultancy services on the economy for its members.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt was not due to attend this year's dinner, which had been scheduled for 11 May, because he will be out of the country, but the Governor of the Bank of England, Andrew Bailey, had been set to give a speech.

The CBI is at the centre of several misconduct allegations. The most serious is from a woman who claims she was raped by a senior colleague at a CBI summer boat party in 2019.

The woman told the Guardian newspaper, which first published the claims, that she felt let down by a CBI manager who, she said, advised her to seek out counselling rather than pursue the matter further.

The CBI said: "We have found no evidence or record of this matter. Given the seriousness of the issue, it is part of the independent investigation being conducted by [law firm] Fox Williams."

Some company executives, who are members of the CBI, have described this as an existential crisis for an organisation that describes itself as the "most effective and influential" business organisation.

Asked whether it is considering its membership of the CBI, one energy industry insider told the BBC it is speaking to the lobbyist to "understand their processes".

They said once they found out more information, they will "see if there's anything we need to do".

Marks and Spencer told the BBC it had written to the acting director-general of the group to "seek reassurances" that the allegations were being "taken seriously and fully investigated".

The High Street giant said it had also requested information on how CBI staff involved were being supported and "what is being done to give them confidence in the process".

Rolls-Royce, the engineering giant, said the recent allegations were "deeply concerning".

It said it was waiting the outcome of the investigation before considering its membership of the CBI.

Fox Williams is also conducting an investigation into separate allegations made against CBI director general Tony Danker, who joined the CBI in 2020.

Mr Danker recently stepped aside pending an investigation into separate alleged incidents, for which he has "apologised profusely" and claimed "was completely unintentional".

The BBC understands that these new allegations published by the Guardian do not relate to Mr Danker.

A spokesman for the CBI said the organisation "has treated and continues to treat all matters of workplace conduct with the utmost seriousness".

If you have been affected by any issues raised in this article, help and support can be found at BBC Action Line.

Have you been personally affected by the issues raised in this story? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. WATCH: Former prisoner Marc Conway says his Friday release left him with no time to sort housing, leaving him in breach of bail

Prisoners vulnerable to addiction, mental health issues or homelessness will no longer be released on Fridays under new plans to cut reoffending. One prisoner who breached parole after being released on a Friday says he felt let down by the system. He told the BBC his story and what it says about prisoners at risk of lapsing back into a life of crime.

"By the time I got to the housing department, it was a Friday afternoon and there was no-one there to see me. I knew the offices wouldn't be open again until the Monday. I was quite fearful of where I was going to stay that night - I didn't want to stay on the streets."

Marc Conway was 17 years old when he was released, on a Friday, after three months in HMP Feltham young offenders' institution in London.

Without anywhere to go, he made what he describes as a "disastrous mistake" and stayed with a "known associate".

In doing so, he broke his licence conditions and was recalled to prison to serve out the remaining three months of his sentence.

"I felt like I had let people down, first and foremost, that I'd been recalled back to prison so soon," he said.

"I was angry, I was resentful of the system. I felt the system had let me down again and I dread to think what I would have done that night if I didn't have somewhere to stay."

Marc has served a number of sentences for a range of serious offences, last leaving prison four-and-a-half years ago.

In 2019, he was one of the people who pinned down the convicted terrorist Usman Khan on London Bridge after Khan had fatally stabbed two people.

Marc Conway was among those who tackled convicted terrorist Usman Khan on London Bridge

Marc now works with the Prison Reform Trust and says that he still sees people having similar experiences to the one he had, two decades on.

"This happens time and time and time again. People are being released on a Friday and are not being able to access services," he said. "It's not just housing. It could be mental health services, it could be GP services, all sorts.

"I have known of people who have committed crime just to have somewhere to sleep that night.

"There's quite an easy solution. You have to go to probation on the day of release. Why can all the services not be under one roof and just stop Friday releases?"

Around one in three prisoners are released on a Friday, according to research by the charity Nacro.

They often have just a few hours before services close to meet their probation officer, register with a GP, get housing and sign up for support like Universal Credit.

Nacro has run a long campaign to stop Friday releases, saying they are "setting people up to fail".

Prison governors are expected to be given the power to end the practice for vulnerable prisoners in England and Wales later this year, after the government backed a Private Members' Bill from the Conservative MP Simon Fell.

Under the legislation, governors would be able to release those who have mental health issues, substance misuse problems, or who have a long way to travel home, up to 48 hours early following "strict security checks".

A similar law was passed in Scotland in 2015 but questions have been raised about how widely it has been used.

Prisons Minister Damian Hinds said leaving custody was a "very sensitive moment" and this was a "simple but, in a wider sense, landmark reform" that would cut reoffending.

"We want to maximise the chance people have when they get out of prison to be able to access those services and that's just harder on a Friday," he said.

"It's quite often a race against the clock, particularly if you've got a long way to travel, so this is just a sensible reform which will mean that you can bring that forward by just one or two days to give that individual more time to do those things."

He said he "absolutely understood" that some victims of crime might have concerns about offenders being released earlier than the end of their sentence.

"The protection of the public must always come first but this is also an aspect of protection of the public. When people do get out of prison, they must be able to have the chance to get on to that better path to be able to put in place those important things which will give that chance," Mr Hinds added.

Ending Friday Releases formed part of the government's Prisons Strategy published in 2021. The Ministry of Justice committed to do it last year.

The Offenders (Day of Release from Detention) Private Members' Bill is expected to pass its final reading in the Commons on Friday before going to the Lords.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the leader of the Nxivm group

US actor Allison Mack has been released from prison early after serving two years for her role in a sex-trafficking case tied to a cult-like group.

The 40-year-old pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy charges in April 2019 related to her efforts to recruit women to the Nxivm sex cult.

Mack, best known for her role in the television series Smallville, was sentenced to three years in prison.

The Federal Bureau of Prisons confirmed she had been released on Monday.

Nxivm, pronounced "nexium", started in 1998 as a self-help programme. It claims to have worked with more than 16,000 people including the son of a former Mexican president and Hollywood actresses such as Mack.

Prosecutors say Mack helped recruit and groom women as sexual partners for the group's leader, Keith Raniere. Though Raniere, 62, was at the top of this structure and the only man, Mack served as one of his top female deputies.

Female recruits were allegedly branded with his initials and expected to have sex with him in exchange for becoming a part of the group, which was based in Albany, New York.

The news of Mack's release was initially reported by the New York newspaper Albany Times Union.

Mack, who was arrested in 2018, was facing as much as 17 years in prison but saw her sentence reduced after providing evidence to help prosecutors pursue their case against Raniere.

In 2020, he was sentenced to 120 years in prison for multiple crimes, including forcing women to be his sexual "slaves".

Before her sentencing, Mack apologised to those she said had been harmed by her actions, calling her involvement with the group "the biggest mistake and regret of my life".

"I am sorry to those of you that I brought into Nxivm," she said. "I am sorry I ever exposed you to the nefarious and emotionally abusive schemes of a twisted man."

The police have been at the school since the incident

A teacher is in hospital and a teenage boy in police custody following a suspected stabbing at Tewkesbury Academy.

Gloucestershire Police was called to the secondary school at 09:10 BST after reports a teenager had stabbed a male teacher.

The school was in lockdown, but pupils are now being allowed to leave.

Its headteacher said all pupils were safe and well after the "serious" incident.

Daniel, whose daughter attends Tewkesbury Academy, said it was a "big scary affair" when he found out something was happening.

"They [the pupils] were all scared but my daughter has been absolutely fantastic I'm very proud of her," he said.

Daniel said his daughter video called him and he could see her teacher "supporting the whole class".

"The teacher sat right by the door. He barricaded the door, put some boxes there and kept everyone cool even though he must have been scared himself," he added.

Pupils who have their parents' consent to leave the school early were allowed to leave the building from lunchtime, a statement on the school website said.

Pupils are now allowed to leave the school after being locked down for the morning

Those who wish to collect their children being are asked to wait at a nearby garden centre where police will co-ordinate them to collect their children according to year group.

There will also be additional buses to take pupils home earlier, while any child without consent to leave will be kept onsite until 3.25pm.

In a statement, Tewkesbury Academy's head teacher Kathleen McGillycuddy said the alleged attack had been "a worrying time for all associated with Tewkesbury Academy" but assured families "all pupils remain safe and well".

She confirmed the incident had occurred just before 09:00 BST and that the male member of staff needed hospital treatment.

Tewkesbury Academy is a co-educational state academy open to pupils aged 11 to 18

A spokesman for Cabot Learning Federation, which runs 20 academies including Tewkesbury Academy, said: "We are grateful to all our staff, parents and students for their patience and understanding during what has been a difficult morning, while our thoughts are with our injured colleague - we wish him a swift and successful recovery."

The school was previously known as Tewkesbury School but changed its name to Tewkesbury Academy earlier this month.

A spokesperson for the South Western Ambulance Service said it sent three ambulances and two operations officers after receiving a call at 09:08.

The victim was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital by ambulance.

Nearby Tirlebrook Primary School, on Brensham Road, told parents it had also been advised to go into lockdown.

Special needs facility Alderman Knight School, which shares the same site as Tewkesbury School, has not confirmed whether it was also affected.

MP for Tewksbury, Lawrence Robertson, told the BBC: "It's a very shocking, very sad and worrying incident. My heart goes out to everyone who is involved."

He added: "Weapons have no place in a school or society."

The lockdown has now been lifted at the Tewkesbury Academy

Mr Robertson said the school is "very well-known", adding: "They carry out extraordinary work. This is such a surprise. We're proud of the school and proud of the whole area."

The prime minster expressed his sympathies with "the individual who has been injured and with the staff and pupils of the school who would obviously be extremely concerned".

In a statement, Rishi Sunak also thanked police and emergency services "for their ongoing response".

Elsewhere, Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said she was "deeply concerned" by the incident and that her department was monitoring the situation.

Follow BBC West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Last updated on .From the section Football

West Midlands Police say they are looking to make more arrests over homophobic chants heard during Wolves' win over Chelsea on Saturday.

This comes after Wolves said three arrests had already been made after the game at Molineux.

Both Wolves and Chelsea condemned the chants following the match.

Wolves said they reminded supporters over the PA system during the game that "discriminatory behaviour and chants" are not tolerated.

Three men, aged 32, 24 and 21, were arrested on suspicion of a "public order offence which caused harassment, alarm or distress and also of using threatening words or behaviour to stir up sexual orientation hatred", said West Midlands Police in a statement.

All three men have been released on bail while the police investigation continues.

"We are continuing to investigate and officers are currently looking at CCTV to identify those taking part in the chants. We will be looking to make further arrests," said Superintendent Sallie Churchill.

"Homophobia, like all other forms of discrimination, has no place in football or society," a statement from Wolves read.

"Anyone engaging in discriminatory behaviour is committing a criminal offence."

The club said it would offer its full support to the police as they carry out their investigation.

In a statement, Chelsea branded "all forms of discriminatory behaviour totally unacceptable", adding that they will work to "eradicate these vile chants from our game".

The Premier League said there is "no place in football or society" for homophobic chants and discrimination.

Last updated on .From the section Liverpool

Uefa is to refund Liverpool fans who had tickets for the 2022 Champions League final in Paris.

It follows a recent independent report that found Uefa bears "primary responsibility" for the chaotic scenes before the game against Real Madrid.

Fans were penned in and sprayed with tear gas outside Paris' Stade de France as kick-off was delayed by 36 minutes.

Uefa said the refund scheme "covers all of the Liverpool FC ticket allocation for the final, i.e. 19,618 tickets".

"We have taken into account a huge number of views expressed both publicly and privately and we believe we have devised a scheme that is comprehensive and fair," said Uefa general secretary Theodore Theodoridis.

"We value the input from the Liverpool FC supporter organisations Spirit of Shankly and Liverpool Disabled Supporters Association as well as the open and transparent dialogue throughout this period.

"We recognise the negative experiences of those supporters on the day and with this scheme we will refund fans who had bought tickets and who were the most affected by the difficulties in accessing the stadium."

Liverpool were also part of the process of securing refunds for their fans and, as supporters bought tickets from them directly rather than Uefa, the club will administer the process.

Uefa and French authorities initially blamed ticketless fans for the events outside the stadium.

The report, which Uefa commissioned after the 28 May final, said there was "no evidence" to support the "reprehensible" claims.

It added that "it is remarkable no one lost their life" and the collective action of Liverpool supporters was "probably instrumental" in preventing "more serious injuries and deaths" outside the stadium.

The report made 21 recommendations in an attempt to ensure "everything possible is done" to prevent any similar incident happening again at a major sporting event.

Spirit of Shankly and the Liverpool Disabled Supporters' Association said they "welcomed" the "unprecedented" refund from Uefa.

"With a promise to reimburse supporters, Uefa have gone some way to acknowledging their part in the fiasco," said a statement.

"But it does not excuse Uefa, exempt them from criticism or lessen the need for them to implement all of the recommendations made by the independent inquiry.

"We will work alongside Liverpool and publish details once we know how and when refunds will be processed."

Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, whose side lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the final, said it was "super important" that the club's fans had been exonerated for the situation which occurred before the game.

A law firm representing Liverpool fans in a claim against Uefa relating to events in Paris has said it "will be pushing ahead with our legal claim to seek appropriate compensation for our clients", while another said "our legal case is still progressing".
• None Listen to the latest The Red Kop podcast
• None Our coverage of Liverpool is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything Liverpool - go straight to all the best content

Disruption for pupils and parents continues on Thursday, on day two of a 48-hour walkout by some teachers in England. There will also be reduced rail services across 18 train companies.

Wednesday saw strikes by junior doctors in England, up to 150,000 civil servants across 100 government departments and agencies, and on the London Underground.

Members of the National Education Union (NEU) in England will continue their two-day strike on Thursday - part of an ongoing dispute over pay and funding.

Many schools - more than half on previous strike dates - will be closed or have restricted attendance.

Sixth-form colleges will also be affected.

Parents are advised by the Department for Education (DfE) to send children to school unless school leaders have said otherwise.

No further industrial action is currently planned in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland.

You can read more here about why teachers are striking.

Members of the RMT union working at 18 train companies are striking over pay, job cuts and changes to terms and conditions.

They will also walkout this Saturday 18 March - and also on 30 March and 1 April, which is the start of the Easter school holidays for many.

There will be reduced services - and no trains at all in some places.

Network Rail, which manages the tracks, advises passengers to check train-operating company websites before setting out.

It also warns of possible next-day disruption because of the knock-on impact on shift patterns.

Routes in England will be worst hit - but some services which run into Scotland and Wales are also likely to be hit.

On the London Underground - following Wednesday's walkout by RMT and Aslef union members - Thursday's services are expected to start later than normal.

Transport for London (TfL) also says Thursday's national rail strike action will have an impact on the Overground, Elizabeth Line and some parts of the Bakerloo and District lines through Thursday and into Friday morning.

Tens of thousands of staff at 150 universities across the UK - including academics, librarians, technicians, security and catering workers - begin five days of strikes on Thursday.

Members of the University and College Union (UCU) are also walking out this Friday - and Monday to Wednesday next week.

The strikes have caused "low and isolated" levels of disruption to students, according to the Universities and College Employers Association (UCEA).

Some universities - says Universities UK (UUK), which represents 140 institutions - have extended coursework deadlines and rescheduled teaching.

The UCU action is over pay and working conditions and also pension cuts - but staff are only striking over both issues at 62 universities.

Members of the National Union of Journalists at BBC sites across England are in the middle of a 24-hour walkout - finishing at 11:00 on Thursday.

BBC local radio, regional television and digital services are being disrupted.

The strike is because of plans to merge some local radio programmes.
• University staff who are members of the University and College Union and Unison are on strike
• Union members at 150 universities have been taking part in industrial action Read more: Will my lecture be cancelled? There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date There are currently no national strikes planned for this date
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer
• More than 1,000 Passport Office workers are on strike in a dispute about jobs, pay and conditions
• Members of the Public and Commercial Services union have warned of delays to applications and the delivery of passports in the run-up to summer There are currently no national strikes planned for this date

How are you affected by the strikes? Are you taking part in strike action? You can email: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Work has begun to remove a Soviet-era hammer and sickle emblem on Kyiv's Motherland monument.

It will be replaced by a tryzub (a three-pronged emblem of Ukraine), with the works set to be completed by Ukraine's Independence Day on 24 August.

Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has faced a committee of MPs looking at whether he intentionally misled parliament over lockdown-era parties.

Here are the key moments from Johnson's Partygate grilling.

The government has stopped engaging with the CBI business lobby group pending the outcome of an investigation into sexual misconduct allegations.

The Treasury as well as ministers from the Department for business and trade have "paused engagement" with the CBI, the BBC understands.

It comes as the lobby group faces a number of claims, including rape.

The CBI said it understood the government's decision as it awaits the outcome of an investigation.

Law firm Fox Williams has been hired to look into all the allegations facing the CBI. The group said it expects to have "preliminary findings and actions" from the first stage of the investigation shortly after Easter.

The group has postponed all public events in the meantime, including the CBI's annual dinner.

The chancellor is usually the keynote speaker at the flagship event of one of Britain's largest business groups, which represents more than 190,000 companies and lobbies politicians on their behalf to make policies that benefit UK businesses.

The CBI also hosts regular events for business leaders to meet and talk about policies as well as offering research and consultancy services on the economy for its members.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt was not due to attend this year's dinner, which had been scheduled for 11 May, because he will be out of the country, but the Governor of the Bank of England, Andrew Bailey, had been set to give a speech.

The CBI is at the centre of several misconduct allegations. The most serious is from a woman who claims she was raped by a senior colleague at a CBI summer boat party in 2019.

The woman told the Guardian newspaper, which first published the claims, that she felt let down by a CBI manager who, she said, advised her to seek out counselling rather than pursue the matter further.

The CBI said: "We have found no evidence or record of this matter. Given the seriousness of the issue, it is part of the independent investigation being conducted by [law firm] Fox Williams."

Some company executives, who are members of the CBI, have described this as an existential crisis for an organisation that describes itself as the "most effective and influential" business organisation.

Asked whether it is considering its membership of the CBI, one energy industry insider told the BBC it is speaking to the lobbyist to "understand their processes".

They said once they found out more information, they will "see if there's anything we need to do".

Marks and Spencer told the BBC it had written to the acting director-general of the group to "seek reassurances" that the allegations were being "taken seriously and fully investigated".

The High Street giant said it had also requested information on how CBI staff involved were being supported and "what is being done to give them confidence in the process".

Rolls-Royce, the engineering giant, said the recent allegations were "deeply concerning".

It said it was waiting the outcome of the investigation before considering its membership of the CBI.

Fox Williams is also conducting an investigation into separate allegations made against CBI director general Tony Danker, who joined the CBI in 2020.

Mr Danker recently stepped aside pending an investigation into separate alleged incidents, for which he has "apologised profusely" and claimed "was completely unintentional".

The BBC understands that these new allegations published by the Guardian do not relate to Mr Danker.

A spokesman for the CBI said the organisation "has treated and continues to treat all matters of workplace conduct with the utmost seriousness".

If you have been affected by any issues raised in this article, help and support can be found at BBC Action Line.

Have you been personally affected by the issues raised in this story? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

The mother of Stephen Lawrence says she is "bitterly disappointed" that four retired detectives who ran a failed investigation into her son's murder will not face criminal charges.

Baroness Doreen Lawrence said her "hope has been in vain" and the Crown Prosecution Service announcement was a "disgrace".

She said she would seek a review of the CPS decision.

Stephen was 18 when he was killed in a racist attack in south London in 1993.

The initial Met Police investigation failed to bring anyone to justice. Two of the murderers were eventually jailed in 2012.

In a statement, Baroness Lawrence said there was "no mention, let alone consideration, of racism in the CPS decision as being the possible reason for the officers acting as they did".

"Not a single police officer has been disciplined or will be charged" over the investigation, she said, adding: "In my opinion the police have, yet again, got away 'scot-free'."

She added: "After 30 years in which there have been countless police investigations, a police complaint and a public inquiry I thought there might be some hope of holding those police officers who failed me and my son to account."

Baroness Lawrence said the decision had caused her "immense distress".

Announcing its decision, the CPS said it understood it "may be deeply disappointing" to Stephen's family.

Baroness Lawrence said the CPS decision had caused her "immense distress"

Nick Price, head of the CPS Special Crime and Counter Terrorism Division, said the service has offered to meet with close family members "to explain our decision in detail".

Met Deputy Assistant Commissioner Matt Ward said he did not "underestimate the impact" the CPS decision would have and recognised the strength of feeling still felt about Stephen's murder and the initial handling of the case by the police.

"I have already acknowledged that too many mistakes were made during the first investigation into his death," he added.

The officers had been investigated by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), but the CPS chose not to pursue a criminal prosecution after considering a file of evidence for nearly three years.

In 1999 a public inquiry led by Sir William Macpherson said the first Lawrence murder investigation was "marred by a combination of professional incompetence, institutional racism and a failure of leadership by senior officers".

The Macpherson report was highly critical of Mr Crampton, Mr Weeden and Mr Ilsley for the decision not to make quick arrests - arrests did not take place for two weeks despite police receiving information implicating four of the prime suspects within 24 hours of the stabbing.

In 1997 an investigation by the police watchdog had also been critical, but only Mr Bullock was still serving in the Met and therefore available for a disciplinary process.

The IOPC investigation which led to the referral to the CPS first started in 2014 and looked into allegations of corruption against another officer - John Davidson - who worked on the first Stephen Lawrence murder investigation.

The investigation, which was carried out by the National Crime Agency (NCA) on behalf of the IOPC, followed an official review by barrister Mark Ellison KC, which said there were outstanding lines of inquiry into allegations that Mr Davidson was in a corrupt relationship with the father of David Norris, one of Stephen's killers.

The claims were made by Mr Davidson's former colleague, Neil Putnam, a corrupt officer turned super-grass.

Mr Putnam, who did not work on the Lawrence murder inquiry, alleged that Mr Davidson had admitted the corrupt relationship to him. Davidson denied the claims.

John Davidson was told in 2019 that he was no longer under investigation because there was no evidence of corruption on his part in relation to the Stephen Lawrence case.

The NCA then investigated Mr Putnam and passed a file to the CPS to consider whether he should be charged with perjury or perverting the course of justice. The CPS has decided he will not be charged.

The IOPC investigation ended up focusing on the four senior officers from the first murder investigation, and their handling of the early part of the case.

In 2020, the IOPC passed a file of evidence to the CPS, which was asked to consider whether they may have committed the criminal offence of misconduct in public office.

The criminal offence of misconduct in public office is committed when the office holder acts - or fails to act - in a way that constitutes a breach of the duties of that office.

Last week a BBC investigation identified a sixth suspect in the murder and exposed a series of police failings in relation to him.

New evidence about the murder of Stephen Lawrence, uncovered by BBC investigative reporter, Daniel De Simone.

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Women workers are vital to UN humanitarian aid operations in Afghanistan

The United Nations head has strongly condemned a Taliban ban on Afghan women working for the organisation.

Secretary General Antonio Guterres demanded Afghanistan's rulers immediately revoke the order, saying it was discriminatory and breached international human rights law.

Female staff were "essential for UN operations" in the country, he said.

The Taliban have increasingly restricted women's freedoms since seizing power in 2021.

There was no immediate word from their government on why the order had been issued. Foreign female UN workers are exempt.

The UN has been working to bring humanitarian aid to 23 million people in Afghanistan, which is reeling from a severe economic and humanitarian crisis. Female workers play a vital role in on-the-ground aid operations, particularly in identifying other women in need.

"Female staff members are essential for the United Nations operations, including in the delivery of life-saving assistance," Secretary General Mr Guterres said in a statement.

"The enforcement of this decision will harm the Afghan people, millions of whom are in need of this assistance."

He called on the Taliban to "reverse all measures that restrict women's and girls' rights to work, education and freedom of movement".

Earlier, the UN told its Afghan staff - men and women - not to report to work while it sought clarity from the Taliban. Local women had been stopped from going to work at UN facilities in eastern Nangarhar province on Tuesday.

The UN mission had been exempt from a previous Taliban ban issued in December that stopped all NGOs using women staff unless they were health workers.

How health programmes in the country will be affected by the ban on UN staff remains unclear.

The ban is being seen as the most significant test of the future of UN operations in Afghanistan, and the relationship between the organisation and the Taliban government, which is not recognised anywhere in the world.

Since the Taliban's return to power, teenage girls and women have been barred from schools, colleges and universities. Women are required to be dressed in a way that only reveals their eyes, and must be accompanied by a male relative if they are travelling more than 72km (48 miles).

And last November, women were banned from parks, gyms and swimming pools, stripping away the simplest of freedoms.

The Taliban have also cracked down on advocates for female education. Last month, Matiullah Wesa, a prominent Afghan campaigner for female education, was arrested for unknown reasons.

In February Professor Ismail Mashal, an outspoken critic of the Taliban government's ban on education for women, was also arrested in Kabul while handing out free books.

A burial crypt close to the final resting place of Hollywood actress Marilyn Monroe has sold for $195,000 (£154,443) at auction.

Beverley Hills tech investor Anthony Jabin said he had "always dreamt" of being next to Monroe.

The space is also close to the crypt of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner, who bought the vault next to Monroe's in 1992.

Fans of Monroe, who died in 1962 at the age of 36, regularly visit her crypt in Los Angeles, California.

She starred in some of the biggest Hollywood films of her era, including Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Some Like It Hot and How to Marry a Millionaire.

Since her death, she has continued to be the subject of fascination for many.

Items of hers were sold alongside former possessions of Hefner's - who was the founder of Playboy and was accused of coercing and drugging women into sex after his death in 2017 - at an auction titled Icons: Playboy, Hugh Hefner, and Marilyn Monroe, run by Julien's Auctions.

Along with the crypt space, Mr Jabin also purchased a swimming costume that once belonged to Monroe, as well as Hefner's old bed.

Other notable items sold at the auction included a pink silk Pucci dress belonging to Monroe, which sold for the highest sum of $325,000.

A used Elizabeth Arden lipstick belonging to the actress also raised $65,000.

Items of Hefner's sold included one of his trademark smoking jackets, which went for $13,000 in a bundle with a pair of his slippers, pyjamas and a tobacco pipe.

Artwork that once hung in the Playboy headquarters was also sold.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Watch as LeBron James becomes only the second player, after Michael Jordan, to score 40 points in more than one NBA game after the age of 39 following the Los Angeles Lakers' 116-104 win over the Brooklyn Nets.

Available to UK users only.

Gwyn has been cleaning trains for 25 years

An 80-year-old train cleaner who works shifts until the early hours of the morning says he loves his job - and has no plans to retire just yet.

William Gwyn Thomas, who used to be a dairy farmer in Lampeter, Ceredigion, has been cleaning trains at Carmarthen station for 25 years.

Gwyn, as he prefers to be known, works with a team to clean anywhere between 18 and 26 carriages a night.

"I didn't expect I'd still be working at 80," said Gwyn.

"But I really love it, and I'll finish when I'm ready and when I feel I can't do it as well."

Gwyn - who has three children, three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren - joined the train cleaning team in the late 1990s.

He credits his long working life to "eating well, not drinking anything stronger than a shandy and cutting down on smoking".

Working from 19:30 to 02:30, Gwyn and his team clean each carriage from top to bottom, including the cabs, toilets, tables and floors.

The worst shifts tend to be Saturdays, when Transport for Wales (TfW) said the toilets can be "challenging", but Gwyn said he takes it all in his stride.

"It's annoying but there's no point moaning about it because that's the job and we just have to get on with it," he said.

"Someone has to get it looking nice for customers again."

TfW's cleaning manager Wendy Jones, and Carmarthen station manager James Nicholas, described Gwyn as "part of the fabric of Carmarthen".

Wishing him a happy 80th birthday, they added: "The standard of work Gwyn puts in night after night is a true example to us all on how to show pride in your work".

The film stars (left to right) Alice Lowe, Jayde Adams, Aisling Bea and Amaka Okafor

Critics have broadly welcomed a new big-screen musical featuring the songs of boyband Take That.

Greatest Days, named after one of the group's biggest hits, is the film adaptation of the stage musical which opened in 2017.

Aisling Bea and Jayde Adams star in the big-screen version, which has received mostly three and four-star reviews.

Digital Spy described it as "a joyous crowdpleaser - whether you like Take That or not".

"We know what you're thinking," wrote Ian Sandwell, awarding the film four stars. "A jukebox musical using Take That songs? Sounds a bit naff and likely very cheesy, one strictly for the fans.

"Dismiss Greatest Days though and you'll be missing out on one of 2023's biggest movie surprises... It's a wholesome celebration of friendship, tinged with heartbreak, that ultimately proves to be a crowdpleaser."

Greatest Days is directed by Coky Giedroyc and written by Tim Firth, who has adapted his own stage musical, originally titled The Band.

Bea plays Rachel, a hardworking NHS nurse who was a huge fan of Take That in her teens, along with her four best friends from school.

Howard Donald, Gary Barlow and Mark Owen of Take That attended the film's premiere in Cannes last month

When she wins tickets to see the group on their reunion tour in Athens, she reunites her old group, some of whom have not seen each other for 25 years.

The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw said: "A jukebox musical featuring the works of Take That might not ever be one for the cool kids; undoubtedly this is a bit broad.

"But it's a splurge of feelgood from director Coky Giedroyc and screenwriter Tim Firth, adapting his own stage show, and it's at least as enjoyable as the much-hyped Mamma Mia! movies."

The film features many of Take That's biggest hits, including Shine, Never Forget, Patience, Back For Good and Rule the World.

However, the group are only referred to as "The Boys" in the film, rather than their real-life name.

In a three-star review, Terry Staunton of the Radio Times said: "At its root, director Coky Giedroyc's feel-good fare is a tale of everyday, ordinary women taking stock of their lives and pondering what the future holds.

"This being a film with the music of Take That at its foundation, viewers are guaranteed a succession of bangers; familiar and enduring hits whose anthemic qualities made them shoo-ins for a fresh lease of life on the West End stage in the first place."

The film is released in UK cinemas this weekend

Total Film's Tom Dawson wrote: "Giedroyc doesn't ignore life's inevitable sadnesses - along the way there are unexpected bereavements, family rifts, unfulfilled youthful dreams… It's the uplift that sticks, though."

There was praise for the cast from Smooth Radio's Tom Eames, who said: "Aisling Bea proves she can lead a film with charm and relatability, while there are standout 'watch this space' performances from up-and-comers Eliza Dobson and Jessie Mae Alonzo."

Greatest Days is released in the UK on Friday, following its London premiere on Thursday evening. It received its first screening at the Cannes Film Festival last month.

"It may be fuelled by the schmaltzy lyrics of a boy band, but this is ultimately a clear-eyed celebration of female friendship," said Screen Daily's Nikki Baughan.

"Aisling Bea brings a sharp wit (and essential levity) to the central character of Rachel; now a mid-40s no-nonsense children's ward nurse but, back in 1993, a 16-year-old school girl (played, in excellent casting, by Bea lookalike Lara McDonnell) and diehard fan of a boyband only ever referred to as 'The Boys'.

"Underneath the '90s vibes, colourful production design and occasionally cringey boyband lyrics, that's a deep-rooted sentiment that we can all take to heart."

Not everybody was a fan, however. The Telegraph's Robbie Collin awarded only two stars and said: This jukebox musical is unlikely to relight your fire.

"Far too much of it still feels scaled to the stage," he said. "Comic material that in a theatre might have simply played as broad comes across as forehead-smashingly crass."

Empire's Olly Richards also gave the film two stars, writing: "The film can't find its rhythm... it's tonally all over the place.

"It does at least finish on a high, with a big shouty Never Forget. But you probably will forget quite quickly, regardless."

The film's cast attended its London premiere on Thursday evening

There was a more positive review from The Independent's Clarisse Loughrey, who said: "It's well-performed and efficiently emotive. Just like the music of Take That, I guess."

But, she added: "Much like a classic Take That track, this is a film that cares much more for the display of emotion than it does its root cause - the second it dares get specific, it risks losing that wide-scale relatability."

Yahoo's Roxy Simons said: "As far as musicals go, Greatest Days is an enjoyable caper thanks to its fun reinterpretations of Take That's songs, like the airport-based rendition of Shine that features stylish choreography and elaborate costumes

"Some songs feel perfectly suited for the scene they're used in, but there are others that feel as if they were added on just as a way to make sure fan favourites weren't missed off the list. When this happens it can be quite jarring: the placement of Patience is a prime example of this."

She concluded: "It might not have the longevity of musicals like Mamma Mia! in the long run, but Greatest Days is sure to delight fans of Take That in a new and inventive way."

You may also be interested in:

Access to the ChatGPT chatbot has been restored in Italy.

It was banned by the Italian data-protection authority at the start of April over privacy concerns.

It maker, OpenAI, which is backed by Microsoft, said it had successfully "addressed or clarified" the issues raised.

It said its privacy policy was now accessible to people before they registered for ChatGPT and there was a new tool to verify the age of users.

The Italian data-protection authority, also known as Garante, had temporarily restricted the chatbot and launched a probe over the artificial intelligence application's suspected breach.

As Garante had accused OpenAI of failing to check the age of ChatGPT's users who are supposed to be aged 13 or above, OpenAI said it would offer a tool to verify users' ages in Italy upon sign-up.

OpenAI explained that it would also provide a new form for European Union users to exercise their right to object to its use of personal data to train its models.

The Italian regulator told the BBC it "welcomed the measures OpenAI implemented" but called for even more compliance.

In particular, the spokesperson said, around "implementing an age verification system and planning and conducting an information campaign to inform Italians of what happened as well as of their right to opt-out from the processing of their personal data for training algorithms."

Garante said it would carry on its "fact-finding activities regarding OpenAI also under the umbrella of the ad-hoc task force that was set up by the European Data Protection Board."

An OpenAI spokesperson said it appreciated the Garante for being collaborative, and that it would continue ongoing constructive discussions.

Millions of people have used ChatGPT since it launched in November 2022.

It can answer questions using natural, human like language and it can also mimic other writing styles.

Microsoft has spent billions of dollars on it and it was added to Bing last month.

It has also said that it will embed a version of the technology in its Office apps, including Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook.

Bard, Google's; rival artificial-intelligence chatbot, is now available, but only to specific users over the age of 18.

Last updated on .From the section Tennis

British number one Cameron Norrie is aiming to go beyond the third round at the French Open for the first time Coverage: Live text and radio commentaries of selected matches across BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, the BBC Sport website and app Britain's Cameron Norrie was unhappy that an "absurd" call from the umpire changed the momentum of his French Open match against France's Benoit Paire. After winning the first set, Norrie was penalised for hindrance early in the second after being ruled to have put off Paire by shouting mid-point. Paire broke serve and won the next two sets, before 14th seed Norrie fought back to win 7-5 4-6 3-6 6-1 6-4. "I've never been called for that. I think it's unacceptable," Norrie said. "Both of us didn't know why he called it. I think Benoit thought it was for him, both of us were a bit confused. It was for sure a grunt. "[The umpire] must have thought that I said something and I think to get involved there was absurd." Norrie put the incident behind him to hold off Paire in an entertaining first-round contest and maintain British interest in the Roland Garros singles. Norrie, 27, is the only Briton through to the second round with Jack Draper's injury problems continuing as he retired from his opening match with a shoulder issue. Dan Evans lost his opening match on Sunday and there are no British women in the main draw. Evans, who was beaten by Australia's Thanasi Kokkinakis, was also on the receiving end of an unusual decision by the officials when he was penalised for a harsh foot-fault. "For me, I was a grunt, and for Evo, he was nowhere near foot faulting," said British men's number one Norrie, who plays another Frenchman, qualifier Lucas Pouille, in the second round on Wednesday. "I got away with it and I was able to come through in five sets. But it was a big call and it changed the momentum of the match." When Draper retired while Norrie was battling to survive against 34-year-old Paire, it felt like it could be another chastening day for British tennis. Only Norrie, Draper and Evans made the main draws at the clay-court Grand Slam tournament, with another 10 losing in the qualifying events. Emma Raducanu is absent after having surgeries on wrist and ankle injuries, while Andy Murray pulled out because he wanted to focus on preparing his body for the upcoming grass-court season. No British players reached the second round on the Paris clay in 2020 and another first-round wipe-out looked on the cards with Norrie trailing. But the world number 13 maintained his composure in a partisan atmosphere and dug deep against the unpredictable Paire, who discussed retirement last year but was given a wildcard at Roland Garros after continuing. After edging a tight opening set, momentum swung away from Norrie following the harsh hindrance call from umpire Nico Helwerth in the third game of the second. Helwerth docked Norrie the point at 30-30 and it enabled the Frenchman to break for a 2-1 lead. With the vociferous backing of the jubilant home fans, Paire fed off their energy and was locked in during a third set where Norrie twice dropped serve early on. But Norrie is known as one of the most composed players on the ATP Tour, showing his mental resilience to reset and level the match with a one-sided fourth set. Despite losing serve in a poor start to the decider, Norrie upped his level again and his greater endurance - mental and physical - proved decisive in a strong finish. "I think the crowd can be tough at times, but I keep reminding myself it's good to be playing, that I want to be out there competing and being in those tough moments when the crowd is against me," said Norrie. "It makes it even better to come through those matches."
• None Alerts: Get tennis news sent to your phone
• None What's the story of the 'Indian Titanic'? Hear it from the last two known survivors of the SS Tilawa
• None How to crack those sugar cravings...: Michael Mosley investigates a healthy switch that could boost your mood and memory too

A woman in Argentina gets vaccinated against Dengue

Argentina is facing an insect repellent shortage as the country prepares for its worst-ever dengue season.

Dengue is a mosquito-borne virus that can be deadly, or cause serious illness, in some cases.

A vaccine for dengue has been developed but its rollout is still in early stages and most people still rely on preventative measures to avoid the virus.

Residents report that it is almost impossible to buy repellent.

Many supermarkets and pharmacies have displayed "no repellent" signs, and in the few places where it is still available, especially online, resale prices are astronomical.

The government has attributed the problem to a "bottleneck" that will be corrected in the coming days.

But many citizens, particularly in the capital Buenos Aires, are fearful at a time when hundreds of thousands of Argentines have already been infected.

A shortage of repellents began to be noticed in March.

Sources from one of the companies that produce repellents in the country told BBC Mundo that the shortages were due to a forecast error and that manufacturing the product took months.

Minister of Health Mario Russo told Radio Continental that it was a "problem between supply and demand".

Dengue is most common in tropical and subtropical climates and its symptoms include a high fever, severe headaches, swollen glands and rashes.

A woman stands in front of a "no repellent" sign at a supermarket

The country's health ministry said on Saturday that Argentina had reported 163,419 cases of dengue fever so far in 2024 and that deaths had been recorded in all age groups - with the highest mortality rate among those over 80 years old.

The ministry has advised people to avoid bites with the use of repellents and seek medical attention if symptoms of the illness develop.

Dengue cases in the Americas rose in the first three months of this year by three times compared with the same period in 2023, according to the Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO).

Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay have been the worst hit, in what PAHO officials have described as potentially the worse outbreak in the Americas to date. These three countries have made up 98% of all cases and 87% of deaths from the virus.

Regional health authorities have recorded more than 3.5 million cases and a thousand deaths.

The UN health agency has warned that global warming and El Nino are contributing to the worst season ever for the virus.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police are investigating a massive gold heist at Toronto Pearson International Airport, a location often used to ship gold mined in the province of Ontario.

Canadian officials say more than C$20m ($15m, £12m) of gold and valuables were stolen on Monday 17 April.

An aircraft container carrying the goods arrived at the airport in the evening and was transported to a cargo holding facility.

Police believe that is where the heist took place.

The theft could mark one of the bigger heists in Canadian history, a list that includes the 2011 and 2012 Great Canadian Maple Syrup Heist when 3,000 tonnes of syrup valued at $18.7m were stolen from a storage facility in Quebec.

Peel Regional Police inspector Stephen Duivesteyn said their team is investigating "all avenues" and described Monday's incident as isolated and rare.

At a press conference on Thursday at the airport, Mr Duivesteyn said the missing aircraft container was about 5 sq ft (.46 sq m) in size, and "contained other items of monetary value" in addition to the gold.

Officials have refused to say what airline shipped the cargo, where the load had come from, or its intended destination.

"Our goal is to solve this theft," Mr Duivesteyn said. "We want to solve it. I cannot provide exact details."

But travellers are not in danger, he continued. "We do not consider this a public safety matter."

The Toronto Sun reported earlier on Thursday that police thought organised crime groups were involved. Mr Duivesteyn said it was too early to tell.

"We're three days in, so our investigators have their eyes open to all avenues," he said. "We're kind of keeping a broad outlook on it, so we're looking on all angles on how this item was stolen."

In a statement, the airport said that thieves did not gain access to the airport itself but "accessed the public side of a warehouse that is leased to a third party, outside of our primary security line".

The BBC has contacted the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for comment.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. My strategy included one-minute power naps, which some of my support crew were shocked to find

A woman has set a new time record for scaling all the mountains in Scotland higher than 3,000 feet (914m).

Ultra-runner Jamie Aarons finished the challenge in 31 days 10 hours and 27 minutes, breaking the previous record by more than 12 hours.

There are 282 mountains that meet the benchmark and they are known collectively as the Munros.

The challenge saw Aarons ascend 459,000 ft, the equivalent of climbing Mount Everest 16 times.

She also ran, cycled and kayaked between each of the Munros, covering a total of around 932 miles (1,500km) on foot and about the same distance by bike.

Aarons, who works as a social work adviser for the Scottish government, is originally from California but moved to Scotland in 2005.

She began the attempt at Ben More on the Isle of Mull on 26 May and finished at Ben Klibreck in Sutherland in the Scottish Highlands at 16:57 BST on Monday.

The previous record for a self-propelled Munro challenge was held by former marine Donnie Campbell, from Skye. He completed the feat in 31 days, 23 hours, and two minutes.

The time taken by Aarons was also less than half the previous record for the fastest woman, set in 2017 by Libby Kerr and Lisa Trollope, who completed the challenge jointly in 76 days and 10 hours.

She has climbed all the Munros on two occasions before, the first time alongside partner Andy Taylor and the second time with Mr Taylor and the couple's two dogs.

As well as breaking the record, Aarons has raised £14,000 for World Bicycle Relief, a charity which provides bikes to children in poorer nations to increase their mobility and improve access to essential services such as schools, markets and health clinics.

Speaking at the start, she said: "My journey will take me across the length and breadth of Scotland, across sea and lochs, from remote glens to the highest point in the United Kingdom; and across more miles of bog than I care to think about."

She added that raising money for the good cause would help to "motivate me through the tough miles".

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

A huge wave of infections hit countries around the world in 2020

The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared that Covid-19 no longer represents a "global health emergency".

The statement represents a major step towards ending the pandemic and comes three years after it first declared its highest level of alert over the virus.

Officials said the virus' death rate had dropped from a peak of more than 100,000 people per week in January 2021 to just over 3,500 on 24 April.

The head of the WHO said at least seven million people died in the pandemic.

But Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the true figure was "likely" closer to 20 million deaths - nearly three times the official estimate - and he warned that the virus remained a significant threat.

"Yesterday, the Emergency Committee met for the 15th time and recommended to me that I declare an end to the public health emergency of international concern. I've accepted that advice. It is therefore with great hope that I declare Covid-19 over as a global health emergency," Dr Tedros said.

He added that the decision had been considered carefully for some time and made on the basis of careful analysis of data.

But he warned the removal of the highest level of alert did not mean the danger was over and said the emergency status could be reinstated if the situation changed.

"The worst thing any country can do now is to use this news as a reason to let down its guard, to dismantle the systems it has built, or to send the message to its people that Covid-19 is nothing to worry about," he said.

The World Health Organization first declared Covid-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC) in January 2020.

This signalled the need for coordinated global action to protect people from the new virus.

It will now be up to individual countries to continue to manage Covid in the way they think best.

Vaccines were one of the major turning points in the pandemic. According to the WHO, 13 billion doses have been given, allowing many people to be protected from serious illness and death.

But in many countries vaccines have not reached most of those in need.

More than 765 million confirmed Covid infections have been recorded worldwide.

The US and UK, like many other countries, have already talked about "living with the virus" and wound down many of the tests and social mixing rules.

Dr Mike Ryan, from the WHO's health emergencies programme, said the emergency may have ended, but the threat is still there.

"We fully expect that this virus will continue to transmit and this is the history of pandemics," he said.

"It took decades for the final throes of the pandemic virus of 1918 to disappear.

"In most cases, pandemics truly end when the next pandemic begins."

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt says Britain's economy is "back", and that his strategy for growth has been welcomed at the International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington.

His predecessor, Kwasi Kwarteng, left the previous IMF meeting in October early, amid a barrage of criticism.

Mr Hunt said the international lending body saw he was "putting the British economy back on the right track".

However, the latest figures show the UK economy failed to grow in February.

On Wednesday, the IMF said it expected the UK economy to shrink by 0.3% in 2023, which would make it one of the worst performing of the world's major economies.

When challenged over whether the UK's current performance undermined his positive message, Mr Hunt said: "It's other finance ministers who are telling me Britain is back".

Britain's economy has only just recovered to the size it was prior to the pandemic, following months of industrial action, rapidly rising prices and labour shortages.

On Friday nurses in the RCN union rejected the offer of a 5% pay rise and said they planned to strike again at the start of May. Meanwhile, NHS junior doctors in England staged a four-day walkout over pay, which ended at 07:00 on Saturday.

The wave of industrial action affecting the UK in recent months has contributed to its lack of growth, the Office of National Statistics said this week.

However, Mr Hunt said it was important to avoid fuelling further inflation through pay rises. He said Britain had avoided recession this year "so far", and that he hoped to see faster growth and falling inflation in the months ahead.

Measures in his March Budget to help businesses recruit more staff and to increase investment, including an increase in childcare funding, should stimulate growth, he added.

Investor confidence in the UK was shaken last year during the short-lived government of prime minister Liz Truss, which saw Mr Kwarteng present an economic strategy that included major tax cuts without an explanation of how they would be funded.

The outlook for the UK, which relies heavily on financial services, could be clouded by current uncertainty in the banking sector, following the collapse of three US banks and UBS's emergency takeover of Credit Suisse.

However, Mr Hunt said the UK had "a very robust, resilient banking system", which was now in a much better position than it was before the 2008 financial crisis.

"Am I confident in the resilience of our banking system, the second largest financial services centre in the world?' Yes, I am," he said.

While the government is considering reforming some of the rules governing financial services, put in place after 2008, Mr Hunt said the plan was "absolutely not to unlearn the lessons of the financial crisis".

"We are looking at all of these things, but we're not going to do it in a way that rows back on any of the very important protections that we have in place," he said.

But he said the growth of the UK's tech and life sciences industries meant regulations needed to adapt.

"We have a lot of high growth companies in the UK, and they need to have banking services that suit their needs. And that's a difference from a decade ago," he said.

King Charles and Camilla, the Queen Consort, will be crowned on Saturday

The King has recorded an announcement for railway stations across the UK in which he reminds us to "mind the gap".

The recording, made at Highgrove earlier this year by Transport for London (TfL), can also be heard on the London Underground until Monday.

"My wife and I wish you and your families a wonderful Coronation weekend," King Charles says.

"Wherever you're travelling we hope you have a safe and pleasant journey," Camilla, the Queen Consort adds.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Did you hear the King's message on the Underground?

Rail Delivery Group chief executive Jacqueline Starr said: "The Coronation is a rare and exciting event and we very much look forward to welcoming passengers with this special message.

"It's wonderful that Their Majesties are including rail passengers as part of this historic moment."

Network Rail chief executive Andrew Haines said: "Our station colleagues are pulling out all the stops to welcome people to London for the Coronation and it's fantastic that they will also be welcomed by King Charles III and Queen Camilla."

Transport for London commissioner Andy Lord said: "We are honoured to support the celebrations with a special station announcement across our network from Their Majesties King Charles III and Queen Camilla."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Japan's prime minister has reiterated his stand against same-sex marriage

Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has been criticised for saying the country's ban on same-sex marriage is not discriminatory.

Weeks ago, he apologised to the LGBTQ community over homophobic comments made by an aide who has since been sacked.

Mr Kishida's party is under growing pressure to improve LGBTQ rights, as more Japanese support same-sex marriage.

Japan remains the only G7 country that doesn't recognise such unions.

When asked by an opposition lawmaker if the country's existing law constituted discrimination, the PM said on Tuesday: "I don't think disallowing same-sex couples to marry is unjust discrimination by the state."

The prime minister also reiterated his position on Wednesday that a ban on same-sex marriage is "not unconstitutional" but said his stand should not be seen as a form of discrimination.

Local LGBTQ groups have accused Mr Kishida of backpedalling on commitments made in recent weeks - saying his words contradicted his actions.

He held a meeting with LGBTQ activists last month after he sacked his Executive Secretary Masayoshi Arai, who said he didn't "even want to look at" sexual minorities. He appointed a special aide for LGBTQ issues and also said his party would consider a new bill.

The activists also said it was inaccurate for Mr Kishida to state that same-sex marriage was "not unconstitutional" in Japan, when local courts have ruled otherwise in at least two precedent-setting decisions.

The public attitude towards same-sex marriage has changed, especially among younger voters, said the Marriage for All Japan group. A recent poll shows two-thirds of voters support making same-sex marriage legal.

"I think this is one of the reason why the government is estranged from public opinion, as the most in the heart of the government are elderly men," said the group's chairperson Makiko Terahara.

Some couples have challenged the ban before the courts, to varying results.

In November 2022, a Tokyo court upheld the ban on same-sex marriage but said the denial of legal protections to same-sex couples was discriminatory. Rights campaigners hailed the ruling as a win for raising the need to amend current laws.

The country is also under pressure from its G7 peers to recognise LGBTQ rights as the country prepares to host the bloc's next meeting in May.

There has been improvement in LGBTQ rights in Asia, but Taiwan remains the only territory that recognises same-sex marriage in the region.

Parents claiming universal credit are to get more help with childcare costs under government's plans to encourage people back into work.

The chancellor will announce in his Budget on Wednesday that the government will start paying childcare costs up front for those on the benefit.

Charities have warned the current scheme of paying and claiming a refund risks people getting into debt.

Jeremy Hunt says the Budget aims to put the country on a path to growth.

At the moment, people in England, Scotland and Wales who are eligible for the current support pay childcare costs upfront and then claim a refund.

But the support has also been frozen at £646-a-month per child for several years, meaning it has not kept up with the rising cost of care.

Mr Hunt is also expected to announced that the maximum amount people can claim for childcare on universal credit will be increased by several hundred pounds. An exact figure for the increase has not yet been given.

Under the plans set to be announced, benefit claimants will be asked to attend more meetings with work coaches and attend skills bootcamps to help them get back to work.

The government's "back to work" plan will also aim to get over-50s in employment, as well as people with disabilities and those on long-term sickness.

Speaking ahead of the Budget, the chancellor said: "For many people, there are barriers preventing them from moving into work - lack of skills, a disability or health condition, or having been out of the jobs market for an extended period of time.

"I want this back-to-work Budget to break down these barriers and help people find jobs that are right for them.

"We need to plug the skills gaps and give people the qualifications, support and incentives they need to get into work."

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will announce plans for childcare payments in the Budget on Wednesday

It comes after BBC News previously reported unemployment was almost at its lowest rate since the 1970s after official figures showed around 1.3 million people in the UK were unemployed in December 2022 (an unemployment rate of 3.7%).

The average annual price for full-time nursery childcare in England for a child under-two was more than £14,000 in 2022, according to children's charity Coram.

This means the cost of childcare in the UK is among the most expensive in the world, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) - taking up nearly 30% of the income of a couple with two young children.

And a survey of 24,000 parents, which was published this month by campaign group Pregnant Then Screwed, found 76% of mothers who pay for childcare feel it no longer makes financial sense for them to work, according to Reuters.

Lauren Fabianski, head of campaigns and communications at Pregnant Then Screwed, added childcare and early years education should be seen as infrastructure.

She said: "Parents cannot work without good quality, affordable childcare. We have to see the government invest in this in order to get more women back into the workplace."

Labour's shadow work and pension's secretary Jonathan Ashworth said: "Over recent months, Labour has outlined welfare reforms to get Britain back to work and now the Tories are following our lead."

Last month, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned the UK economy will shrink this year, even though every other major economy will grow.

The Bank of England also predicted a recession in the UK this year - although it is likely to be shorter and not as severe than previously forecast.

The Met said it worked "proactively" with officials at Wembley Stadium to identify the man during the FA Cup final

A man has been arrested during the FA Cup final at Wembley after concerns about a football shirt slogan.

A photo of the back of a man wearing the number 97 and the words "not enough" on a Manchester United top was widely shared on social media.

The FA said it "strongly condemned" the action, which it said referred to the 1989 Hillsborough disaster when 97 Liverpool fans died as a result of a stadium crush in 1989.

It said it would not "tolerate abuse".

The Metropolitan Police tweeted that a man had been arrested on suspicion of a public order offence and taken into custody.

The force confirmed to the BBC that the arrest was solely due to the shirt worn by the football fan but would not confirm that it was because of its alleged reference to Hillsborough.

Sharing a tweet by a Liverpool FC fan account called the Kop Watch, the Met's events Twitter account said: "We are aware of this and have worked proactively with officials at @wembleystadium to identify the individual.

"He has been arrested on suspicion of a public order offence and taken into custody."

On Sunday, the English FA issued a statement saying it would "not tolerate abuse relating to Hillsborough or any football tragedy".

"We will continue to work with the authorities to ensure strong action is taken against perpetrators," it added.

It has previously said it was concerned about "the rise of abhorrent chants" over the Hillsborough disaster and other football tragedies.

Liverpool West Derby MP Ian Byrne, who was in the crowd at Hillsborough in 1989, described any inappropriate reference to the disaster as "sick".

Mr Byrne, who has been campaigning for the disaster to be taught on the national curriculum, told BBC Radio Merseyside: "All the efforts we have put in over the last three decades - and certainly myself over the last couple of years and many others about the education element about Hillsborough... - and you see that idiot with that disgusting top on and you just think, how do you get through to these people."

Officers also said they were investigating after an object was thrown towards the pitch during the first half of the game.

The Met said it was working with stadium officials and reviewing CCTV footage.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Heaton shot to fame in the 1980's and now performs as a solo artist

Singer Paul Heaton is putting money behind five Glasgow bars so fans attending Scotland's biggest music festival can "have a drink on him".

Heaton, formerly of the Beautiful South and the Housemartins, is set to appear on the main stage at TRNSMT on Friday.

About 50,000 revellers are expected to attend the opening day of the Glasgow Green event.

On social media Heaton said the gesture was a thank you during what he dubbed "the cost of greed crisis".

A post shared on the singer's Twitter and Facebook accounts said: "Paul is leaving some money behind the bar at a few local pubs near to TRNSMT festival so that some of you can have a drink on him tomorrow afternoon (or until the money runs out, or the bar runs dry!)."

This isn't the first time Heaton, who now performs as solo artist, has treated his fans.

In 2022, to mark his 60th birthday he paid for 60 drinks for those attending Neighbourhood festival and since then has carried on the tradition.

Paul Heaton also paid for drinks at 60 pubs to mark his 60th birthday last year

Heaton shot to fame with the Housemartins in the early 80s. The Hull-based band had two successful albums and a number of hit singles, including a cover version of Caravan of Love which reached Number One in the UK charts in December 1986.

After the band split he formed the Beautiful South in 1988, which became one of the biggest-selling UK acts of all time, releasing 15 albums over nine years.

The pubs involved in his Glasgow drinks giveaway are:

TRNSMT starts on Friday with Britpop legends Pulp, Sam Fender and The 1975 headlining over the weekend.

Tom Parker Bowles said his mother "married the person she loved and this is what happened"

The Queen Consort's son has insisted Camilla did not have "any sort of end game" to become Queen.

Speaking on the News Agents podcast, Tom Parker Bowles said his mother "just married the person she loved".

His remarks counter allegations by the Duke of Sussex, who wrote that Camilla played "the long game" with a campaign aimed at marriage and "the crown".

Camilla will be crowned alongside King Charles at the coronation on 6 May 2023 at Westminster Abbey in London.

Mr Parker Bowles told hosts Emily Maitlis and Jon Sopel: "I think change happens but I don't care what anyone says - this wasn't any sort of end game.

"She married the person she loved and this is what happened."

Asked if it was weird to think of Camilla as "the Queen", Mr Parker Bowles, who is a food writer and critic, said: "Not really because she's still our mother. I say 'our' but not the royal 'we', speaking for my sister and me. She's our mother."

Mr Parker Bowles, and his sister Laura Lopes, are Camilla's children from her marriage to retired British military officer Andrew Parker Bowles.

Camilla got divorced in 1995 and later married Charles in a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall in April 2005.

Prince Harry made headlines at the beginning of the year for what many saw as a scathing attack of his stepmother's character.

In interviews to promote his memoir, Spare, Harry called Camilla a "villain" and spoke of bodies being "left in the street" during her image rehabilitation.

He described how he and his brother, Prince William, pleaded with their father not to marry her, saying: "He didn't answer.

"But she answered. Straight away. Shortly after our private summits with her, she began to play the long game.

"A campaign aimed at marriage, and eventually the crown, with Pa's blessing we presumed."

Asked if his mother would be anxious ahead of the coronation, Mr Parker Bowles said it was "tough" to take on such a role during the ceremony but "she's never complained".

"I think anyone would be anxious on an occasion of this sort of importance in terms of the historical. And yes, I think I'd be terrified if I had to sort of walk out wearing ancient robes..." he said.

Mr Parker Bowles's youngest child, Freddy Parker Bowles, will take part in the ceremony as a "page of honour", alongside his cousins Gus and Louis Lopes, and Prince George, the King's grandson.

Anti-monarchy group Republic is reportedly set to protest at the coronation by lining the procession route and gathering in Trafalgar Square.

Asked whether he was worried about the demonstrations, Mr Parker Bowles said: "We live in, thankfully, a free country... If people want to protest that's their right to do so."

The full interview with Mr Parker Bowles is available on The News Agents podcast on Global Player later.

The CPS said Jackson told police he was trying to provoke a reaction two days before the Coronation on 6 May

A man who posted on TikTok that he would take a van to the Coronation of King Charles III and blow himself up has been sentenced.

The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said Richard Jackson told police he was trying to provoke a reaction two days before the event and did not own a van.

It said the 28-year-old admitted sending a threatening communication.

It added Jackson, of Didsbury, was given a 12-month community order at Manchester Magistrates' Court.

King Charles and Queen Camilla were crowned on a historic day of pageantry on 6 May.

Thousands packed the Mall in London despite the rain, after a service at Westminster Abbey and a procession.

A CPS representative said investigators found Jackson did not possess any of the items that could be used to carry out his threat.

They said Jackson, of Brixton Avenue, was also ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work.

Speaking after sentencing, senior crown prosecutor Louise Hartley said Jackson "didn't get the reaction he was looking for" when he posted on the social media app.

"Instead, he found himself before the court," she said.

"I hope in future he will think twice before commenting on social media."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Valdo Calocane gave his name as the alias Adam Mendes

A man has appeared in court charged with the murders of three people who died in attacks in Nottingham.

Valdo Calocane, 31, is accused of killing 19-year-old students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar and school caretaker Ian Coates, 65.

He appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court and spoke only to confirm his name, giving an alias of Adam Mendes.

He was remanded in custody and is due to face a hearing at Nottingham Crown Court on 20 June.

Ian Coates, Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar died at the scene of the attacks

University of Nottingham students Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar were fatally stabbed on Ilkeston Road just after 04:00 BST on Tuesday, while Mr Coates was found dead with knife injuries on Magdala Road after his van was allegedly stolen.

Mr Calocane, of no fixed address, is also charged with three counts of attempted murder after a van was used to drive at three pedestrians, Wayne Birkett, Marcin Gawronski and Sharon Miller.

He appeared in the dock wearing a grey T-shirt and grey jogging bottoms, and flanked by three security officers. He was not required to enter a plea at this stage.

One man was struck by the van on Milton Street and left in a critical condition, but a Nottingham University Hospitals (NUH) NHS Trust spokesman said he was now stable.

Police said an attempt was also made to run over two other pedestrians in the Sherwood Street area. They are believed to have suffered minor injuries.

Thousands gathered in Nottingham city centre to remember Mr Coates, Mr Webber and Ms O'Malley-Kumar on Thursday

Police previously revealed Mr Calocane was a former University of Nottingham student, but said it was not being linked to their inquiry.

The dual Guinea-Bissau/Portuguese national had settled status in the UK through his Portuguese citizenship.

The BBC understands he grew up in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire.

The deaths prompted an outpouring of grief in the city and beyond.

Thousands of people gathered at emotional vigils - at the university on Wednesday and then in the Old Market Square in the city centre on Thursday - where relatives addressed the crowds and paid tribute to their loved ones.

Ms O'Malley-Kumar's father (right) and Mr Webber's parents embraced at a vigil held at the University of Nottingham on Wednesday

Mr Webber, from Taunton, Somerset, was a first-year history student and keen cricketer, described as "fun, friendly, and full of life in his seminars".

Ms O'Malley-Kumar, from north-east London, was in her first year of studying medicine, while playing top-flight hockey at university. Her family said she was "an adored daughter and sister".

Mr Coates worked at the Huntingdon Academy in Nottingham and was four months from retirement.

His sons, Lee and James, said he was a keen fisherman and "die-hard" Nottingham Forest fan.

Relatives of Mr Webber, including his father David (second left), laid flowers at the spot where he was stabbed on Ilkeston Road

On Friday, Mr Webber's family visited the scene of where he was stabbed.

They said they laid flowers on Ilkeston Road because "we owe it to both Barnaby and Grace to let them know we are here".

"As has been expressed by so many already, heartbreak cannot begin to describe our loss," they added.

"As painful as this tribute today has been, it is yet another step forward on the very long, dark journey we have been forced to take."

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The NEU, whose members were picketing outside the Senedd on Thursday, says no progress has been made in talks with the Welsh government

Thousands of pupils are staying at home as members of a teaching union in Wales picket the Senedd and schools.

Action was suspended last month while the National Education Union (NEU) considered an improved package, which it then turned down.

The NEU said the offer was "not good enough" but the Welsh government insisted it was a "strong" deal.

Ministers offered an additional 1.5% pay increase on top of the 5% already promised this year.

They then pledged another 1.5% as a one-off payment, as well as bringing in measures to address the workload of teachers.

NEU officials then met and rejected the offer, saying strikes would go ahead on 2, 15 and 16 March.

It said the offer failed to address the cost of living crisis or the "damage" to pay since 2010.

The Welsh government responded by saying it was working within "challenging financial constraints".

Penarth teacher Suzie Tyack says it is sad to see colleagues leave the profession over pay

"We believe an offer that is the equivalent of an 8% pay rise, with 6.5% consolidated, is a strong one in the context of a reducing Welsh government budget," a spokesman said.

"For teachers to be able to benefit from an additional backdated pay rise for 2022-23, an agreement will be needed by mid-March."

The first NEU walkout on 1 February saw about 40% of Wales' 1,500 schools closed and hundreds more only open to some year groups.

Stacey Boucher, a teacher in Ysgol y Deri special school in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, said two members of staff had left for better paid jobs since the last strike a month ago.

"It's a difficult job but it's a job people love to come to, and with the wages people are just leaving and it's really sad," she said.

Spelling it out: Unions representing teachers say workload is another major issue in the dispute

Joining her on the picket line, another teacher, Suzie Tyack, said she was not striking for personal gain but for better funding for schools and extra money for support staff.

"We've had no offer for support staff and they are completely underfunded in our system," she added.

At bilingual school Ysgol Dyffryn Conwy in Llanrwst, Conwy county, the doors will be open for pupils in Year 7, 12 and 13 only - the rest will be asked to stay at home because of staff shortages.

Head teacher Owain Gethin Davies said: "It will impact on pupils in years 10 to 13 who are losing important days to prepare for assessments and exams.

"There isn't much time until the exams which obviously puts pressure on us as a school and there are concerns among parents."

With thousands of children asked to stay at home, some parents have had to secure additional children care for them to be able to go to work.

Blue Door out-of-school child care centre in Cardiff was welcoming more children affected by the strike.

Parent Rahela Dinu said the strike came at a financial cost to her family.

"I'm not happy at all," she said. "I get paid £50 a day as a cleaner and I have to spend £70 for my daughter to be here today."

Rahela Dinu says the strike is costing her family an extra £70 for childcare costs

Another parent, Eleri Thomas, said she supports the teachers: "I used to be a teacher myself, so I completely understand why they're doing it.

"My son has an afternoon session usually here but today we've swapped to the morning and someone will pick him up later so it's worked out OK for us."

Eleri Thomas says she supports the teachers as was able to find childcare cover for today's strike

But Paul Jones's son's nursery class was cancelled due to the strike, and he said: "He was due to be in wrap around out of school provision today anyway, so it's not too much of a problem for us today.

"Everyone's suffering at the moment. We're all in the same boat and I've got a lot of sympathy for teachers, like a lot of other industries at the moment."

Paul Jones says his son's nursery shut because of the strike but he still has "a lot of sympathy for teachers"

NEU Wales secretary David Evans told BBC Radio Wales Breakfast its members did not want to go on strike, but "no progress" was made in a meeting with the Welsh government on Tuesday.

There had been "positive moves" on the issue of workload, he added, but members were not backing down on pay demands.

"We go back to 2010 when the austerity measures kicked in," he said. "Teachers have been losing pay ever since then and support staff we estimate have probably lost up to 23 or 24% in pay."

The NEU, whose members were picketing outside the Senedd on Thursday, says no progress has been made in talks with the Welsh government

The union has pledged pupils will not "be at a loss" if further strike days go ahead.

Members of the National Association of Headteachers are also continuing with action short of a strike, claiming more detail is needed on the deal offered by ministers.

It postponed a ballot to ask members for views on the revised offer, saying it wanted more clarity on school funding and reducing workload.

The Welsh government said it had written to unions with a "comprehensive offer on workload".

England and Manchester City footballer Kyle Walker will not face criminal charges over newspaper allegations that he indecently exposed himself in a bar.

Cheshire Police began investigating after The Sun reported an alleged incident in Wilmslow on 5 March.

It said a 32-year-old man attended a police station voluntarily for questioning on Thursday and was "dealt with by an out of court disposal".

The force said the matter was "now closed".

The Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner's website states that out of court disposals are used by the police to deal with low-level crime and anti-social behaviour instead of taking an offender to court

Manchester City and Mr Walker's agent declined to comment at the time of the report, while City manager Pep Guardiola later said the allegations were a "private issue".

On Thursday, the right-back was included in England's squad for the upcoming Euro 2024 qualifiers against Italy and Ukraine.

England manager Gareth Southgate said he had "spoken at length" with Walker before selecting him.

"He is back playing with his club, there is no conclusive evidence to leave him out at this stage," he said.

"I have to be careful on being the moral judge on things."

Walker has played for Manchester City since July 2017, when he joined from Tottenham in a £45m transfer, and holds 70 England caps.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Greece has been spearheading efforts to force museums and private collections to return stolen artefacts

Greece says it has recovered hundreds of looted artefacts, including a 2nd-Century bronze statue of Alexander the Great.

The trove was recovered after a legal battle with the company of a British antiquities dealer, officials said.

Robin Symes had amassed thousands of pieces as part of a network of illegal traders.

For years, Greece has been fighting to recover looted artefacts from museums and private collections world-wide.

The announcement that 351 objects from Symes's collection were being repatriated after a 17-year legal battle was made by Greek Culture Minister Lina Mendoni on Friday.

Ms Mendoni did not say if the artefacts were linked to the discovery by Italian and Swiss police in 2016 of a haul of archaeological treasures said to have been stored by Symes at the Geneva freeport in Switzerland.

Arguably the most high-profile artworks in the debate about whether museums should return items to their countries of origin are the Parthenon Sculptures.

They were removed from the Parthenon temple in Athens in the early 19th Century by the British soldier and diplomat, Lord Elgin. The sculptures were then bought by the British government in 1816 and placed in the British Museum.

Talks about their return are said to be advancing.

In March, the Vatican returned three fragments of Athens' Parthenon temple it had kept for centuries.

Victor Lee died from stab wounds, the Met Police said

Three teenagers have been charged with the murder of 17-year-old Victor Lee, who was found dead in a canal in north-west London last Sunday.

Victor's body was pulled from the Grand Union Canal after police were called to reports of a stabbing. He was declared dead at the scene.

Three boys, aged 14, 15 and 17, were charged with murder and robbery on Saturday.

They are set to appear at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court on Monday.

A post-mortem examination on Wednesday concluded that the 17-year-old from Ealing died from stab injuries.

Police are continuing to appeal to the public for information and witnesses, earlier asking for dashcam footage of anyone driving near Scrubs Lane between 17:15 and 18:15 on Sunday.

Policing 515 protests has cost the equivalent of 23,500 officer shifts, the Met said

A 13-week long campaign by Just Stop Oil (JSO) has cost the Met Police more than £7.7m, the force has revealed.

The Met said the cost of policing 515 protests carried out by JSO since April has amounted to the equivalent of 23,500 officer shifts.

Over that time more than 270 people were arrested over the demonstrations, which included slow marches and the disruption of high-profile events.

The force called the action "crime", but JSO said it would continue.

During the three months of JSO protests, the Met issued 420 section 12 orders to clear the city's roads.

Met Assistant Commissioner Twist said: "This isn't protest, this is crime, and there is a difference.

"The right to protest is strongly protected, but when you get into deliberately causing serious disruption, that tips over into crime," he told LBC.

Just Stop Oil activists have been slow marching on London roads since April

As well as marching in main roads, activists have disrupted events including The Open, Wimbledon, the Ashes, the London Pride March and the Chelsea Flower Show.

The cost to the Met is on top of the £7.5m spent by the force policing JSO protest action between October and December last year.

A spokesperson for Just Stop Oil said: "Matt Twist has laid out the consequences of the Policing Act for all to see: legitimate protest is now classed as crime.

"This oil funded regime has us locked on for annihilation and will lock up anyone who dissents. But we will not die quietly. We will continue to resist until the government agrees to end new oil and gas."

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Closing arguments have ended and the jury is deliberating in a civil trial over a 2016 ski collision involving US actress Gwyneth Paltrow.

Retired optometrist Terry Sanderson, 76, alleges Paltrow crashed into him, leaving him with life-changing injuries.

He is seeking $300,000 (£245,000) in damages.

Ms Paltrow, 50, blames him for the accident. Her lawyers argue he is exploiting her celebrity status.

The Oscar winner is countersuing for $1 plus legal fees.

Ms Paltrow has been present in court every day of her civil trial in Park City, in western Utah.

The room - courtroom B at Park City's Third District Court - was full on Thursday with people waiting to hear closing statements.

Mr Sanderson claims the accident at the upmarket resort left him with brain damage and broken ribs and damaged his relationships with his family.

Ms Paltrow denied being responsible for the accident during her testimony last week.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Jaw-dropping moments from the courtroom as Gwyneth Paltrow testifies

Thursday's proceedings kicked off half an hour later than usual and were beset with technical difficulties. Dr Richard Boehme, the prosecution's final rebuttal witness, testified virtually via Zoom while on holiday - but was forced to move to a less effective method of testifying via speakerphone.

Dr Boehme argued the defence's biomechanics expert on ski collision had "mischaracterised" the nature of the accident, but also conceded he had not skied in decades and had no expertise in ski accidents.

In their closing argument, Mr Sanderson's lawyer said that Ms Paltrow was "a good person" and "not a liar" but that her version of events did not hold up to scrutiny.

"Terry went out for a fun day of skiing," Robert Sykes said. "He never came back that night as the same person."

His colleague, Lawrence Buhler, added that the defence had skewered his client over his pre-existing health issues but that "he was healthy enough to ski and now he doesn't".

Mr Sanderson's lawyer argued the retired optometrist's life changed and that, in many ways, he was "still on the mountain".

In their own turn, defence lawyers said Ms Paltrow had been "pounded like a punching bag" by a man who "likes to be in the spotlight".

"He hit her, he hurt her and he's not entitled to sue her," said Steve Owens.

His colleague James Egan added that it was hard for Mr Sanderson "to accept the decline he is experiencing" and had "grabbed on to the collision to explain it".

"Ms Paltrow wants him off the mountain too," he said, "but she should not be responsible for the cost".

A man has been arrested on suspicion of blackmailing TV presenter Alison Hammond.

West Midlands police said the 36-year-old was arrested at an address in Warwickshire on Saturday evening.

According to a report in The Sun, the This Morning presenter, 48, has paid out large sums after falling victim.

It is alleged the Birmingham-born celebrity had been threatened that lies would be spread about her if she did not co-operate with demands.

On Sunday evening, police said the man had been released on conditional bail.

The presenter has been announced as the new co-host of The Great British Bake Off

The presenter came to prominence as a contestant on the third series of Big Brother in 2002.

She was promoted to co-presenter of This Morning in 2020, appearing alongside Dermot O'Leary on Fridays.

There have also been appearances on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2010 and Strictly Come Dancing in 2014.

Last week she was announced as the new co-host of The Great British Bake Off, replacing Matt Lucas.

She also appeared alongside actor Richard E Grant to host the 2023 Baftas.

Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk
• None Alison Hammond to be new Bake Off co-host

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The House of Lords has voted against government plans to weaken detention limits for children and pregnant women in its migration bill.

The legislation would scrap existing legal caps on how long they can be held ahead of being removed from the UK for arriving illegally.

But peers voted to preserve the current protections in a series of amendments.

They also voted to ban the deportation of LGBT migrants to nations including Rwanda.

The proposed changes are among 11 defeats suffered by ministers on the Illegal Migration Bill in votes on Monday evening.

They can be overturned when the bill goes back to the House of Commons, where - unlike in the Lords - the government has a majority.

But it raises the prospect of another clash between ministers and Tory backbenchers over contested aspects of the legislation.

The bill, backed by MPs in March, is central to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's high-profile pledge to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel.

It would place a legal duty on the government to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, either to Rwanda or another "safe" third country.

The government says it is committed to its plan to remove migrants to Rwanda, despite the Court of Appeal ruling last week it was unlawful. It has already said it will appeal the decision at the Supreme Court.

There has been concern about how children will be treated under the new migration bill, as well as accusations that existing UK regulations to prevent modern slavery would be undermined.

Although the legal duty to deport migrants would not apply to under-18s the bill would give ministers new powers to deport them in certain circumstances.

It would also get rid of the current three day-limit on how long children and pregnant women can be detained, as well as the 24-hour maximum for children unaccompanied by an adult.

The government argues detention powers are necessary to ensure migrants destined for removal do not "disappear into the community" - and says no one would be held longer than is "absolutely necessary" to ensure they are deported.

It adds that there is also an over-arching legal duty to ensure the length of detention is "reasonable", adding that leaving the UK voluntarily will "always be an option for all".

However in series of votes on Wednesday, a handful of Conservatives teamed up with opposition peers to preserve the detention limits.

Tory peer Baroness Mobarik, who proposed the amendments, said "verbal assurances" from ministers were not enough and "necessary safeguards" had to be added to the bill itself.

"The psychological harms of detention on young children is significant and likely to impact them for the rest of their lives," she added.

Immigration Minister Lord Murray of Blidworth said safeguards were already in place for the detention of pregnant women, whilst those in the later stages of pregnancy would be released on immigration bail.

Child detention was also a contentious issue when the bill was debated in the Commons, with the government avoiding a showdown with Tory rebels by promising to listen to concerns.

Tim Loughton, who spearheaded the rebellion, said at the time he wanted a maximum limit to remain.

In other votes on Monday, the Lords voted to ban deportations of LGBT migrants to 10 mainly African countries, including Rwanda, Nigeria and Kenya - with a specific ban on trans men and women being deported to Brazil.

When the proposed bans were initially debated last week, Crossbench peer Lord Etherton, who suggested them, said the countries were "hostile and unsafe" for LGBT people.

Peers also approved an amendment to retain the role of the courts in deciding what a "reasonable" length of detention is - striking down new powers in the bill that would allow ministers to decide.

The Nikolay Zubov LNG tanker, docking in the UK in 2021

Shell is still trading Russian gas more than a year after pledging to withdraw from the Russian energy market.

The company was involved in nearly an eighth of Russia's shipborne gas exports in 2022, according to analysis from campaign group Global Witness.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelensky, accused Shell of accepting "blood money".

Shell said the trades were the result of "long-term contractual commitments" and do not violate laws or sanctions.

As recently as 9 May, a vast tanker capable of carrying more than 160,000 cubic metres of gas compressed into liquid form - liquefied natural gas or LNG - pulled out of the port of Sabetta, on the Yamal peninsula in Russia's far north.

That cargo was purchased by Shell before heading onwards to its ultimate destination, Hong Kong.

It is one of eight LNG cargoes that Shell has bought from Yamal this year, according to data from the Kpler database analysed by Global Witness.

Last year Shell accounted for 12% of Russia's seaborne LNG trade, Global Witness calculates, and was among the top five traders of Russian-originated LNG that year.

In March 2022, in the weeks following the invasion of Ukraine, Shell apologised for buying a cargo of Russian oil, and said it intended to withdraw from Russian oil and gas.

It said that it would stop buying Russian oil, sell its service stations and other businesses in Russia, which it has done. It has also ended its joint ventures with the state energy giant Gazprom.

And it said it would start a "phased withdrawal from Russian petroleum products, pipeline gas and LNG". But it warned that it would be a "complex challenge".

Shell said last year it would close all its service stations in Russia

Since then, it has kept taking cargoes of LNG from two Russian ports, the one at Yamal and one at Sakhalin in the far east.

Shell used to be a minority investor in the Sakhalin gas project, but abandoned that claim in September last year after the Russian government transferred its shares to a local business - and since then has taken no gas from Sakhalin.

But it still honours the contract with the Russian LNG company Novatek, which obliges it to buy 900,000 tonnes a year from Yamal until the 2030s, according to the Reuters news agency.

Novatek is Russia's second biggest gas company, and the taxes it pays are a significant contributor to the Russian government's budget.

Oleg Ustenko, an adviser to the Ukrainian president, said: "It is quite simple: by continuing to trade in Russian gas Shell is putting money into Putin's pockets and helping to fund Russia's brutal aggression against the people of Ukraine.

"The vast sums that Shell and the whole oil industry have made in Russia should be used to help fund the reconstruction of Ukraine, rather than lining the pockets of their shareholders."

A spokesman for Shell said: "Shell has stopped buying Russian LNG on the spot market, but still has some long-term contractual commitments. This is in full compliance with sanctions, applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate.

"There is a dilemma between putting pressure on the Russian government over its atrocities in Ukraine and ensuring stable, secure energy supplies. It is for governments to decide on the incredibly difficult trade-offs that must be made."

Shell is the world's largest trader of LNG, which is not subject to European sanctions, making billions of dollars in profits trading oil and gas last year.

Russia massively reduced its deliveries of gas by pipeline last year, but it has increased the amount of gas it supplies by ship, including to Europe.

The UK has not imported any Russian gas for over a year, while EU politicians are trying to reduce the amount of Russian LNG the bloc imports. In March, the EU's Energy Commissioner Kadri Simson called on countries and firms to stop buying Russian gas, and not to sign new contracts.

"It's long overdue that the trading of Russian LNG is looked at with the same disgust as Russian oil trading. Targeting Putin's energy income cannot be about symbolic measures but must concretely put a stop to the huge fossil fuel sums that cement his power," said Jonathan Noronha-Gant, senior campaigner at Global Witness.

The France-based energy company TotalEnergies is a minority shareholder in the Yamal project, and was also a major trader in Russian LNG, the Global Witness analysis reported.

The BBC has approached TotalEnergies for comment.

Stephen Campbell said it was embarrassing he had to take the case against the Western Trust

A blind man will be paid £3,000 after he alleged a health trust failed to accommodate his needs when he tried to apply for a promotion.

Stephen Campbell took a disability discrimination case against two organisations, including his employer the Western Health Trust.

He claimed the job application process did not meet his needs as a blind man.

The Western Health Trust and the HSC Business Services Organisation (BSO) did not accept liability.

A spokesperson for the Western Trust said the organisation was committed to ensuring everyone has "equality of access" to its services.

Mr Campbell, who worked in the trust's ICT department, uses a screen reader to interact with laptops.

When an opportunity for promotion arose within the trust, Mr Campbell wanted to apply.

However, he found that the online process, on the Health and Social Care Northern Ireland (HSCNI) website, could not be activated by his screen reader.

He also could not find any information on where reasonable adjustments could be made so he could apply.

As part of the settlement terms, both organisations confirmed their commitment to ensuring they comply with their obligations under relevant equality laws.

The BSO also said it would keep the Royal National Institute for the Blind (RNIB) updated on development of the HSCNI website.

Mr Campbell said: "For two job applications, the Western Trust did accommodate me by stalling the recruitment exercise and reasonable adjustments were made to facilitate me."

He said he brought the case "to raise awareness of the issue and hopefully remove this barrier to accessing employment for disabled people in the health service here".

Mr Campbell further told BBC News NI that it was "frankly embarrassing" he had to take the case.

Eoin O'Neill said the case will benefit all people with disabilities seeking employment

"In this day and age, in public bodies and in the private sector, we shouldn't have to encounter these issues. We should be able to apply for posts like our sighted counterparts," he said.

The Western Trust said it would work with the Equality Commission on policies around the recruitment process for blind people.

The spokesperson added: "The trust's HR department will always strive to support individuals who need assistance through a recruitment process, as we did on a number of occasions for Mr Campbell."

Eoin O'Neill, director of legal services at the Equality Commission, said the employment rate for disabled people in Northern Ireland at 36%, is the lowest in the UK.

He said Mr Campbell's case will benefit other disabled people in reminding organisations to ensure they are as accessible to disabled people as possible.

Gary and Josh Dunmore were shot dead at properties in Cambridgeshire on Wednesday

A man has appeared in court charged with the murders of a father and son who were shot dead in Cambridgeshire.

Josh Dunmore, 32, was found in Bluntisham at about 21:00 BST on Wednesday and Gary Dunmore, 57, was found in Sutton about 40 minutes later.

Stephen Alderton, 66, of no fixed address, is charged with two counts of murder and possession of a firearm.

Wearing a grey prison tracksuit, he confirmed his name, age and address at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court.

No pleas were entered and he was remanded in custody.

The case was sent to Cambridge Crown Court, where a hearing will take place on Monday.

Floral tributes have been left in the two Cambridgeshire villages

The victims' family have paid tribute to the "devoted" father and son in a statement released via Cambridgeshire Constabulary on Friday.

They said: "Josh was a devoted father and a loving uncle.

"He was a wonderful son and brother and leaves behind an extensive group of family and friends.

"He will be deeply missed and the devastation this has caused will never heal.

"Gary was the most devoted son, brother, dad and grandad, who gave everything for those he loved.

"He was a gentle and generous person who always put others before himself and he'll be massively missed by his family and all those who knew and loved him."

A floral tribute to Gary Dunmore, left outside his home in The Row, Sutton, said: "To my dear neighbour Gary.

"A man who loved his family dearly, a dear friend to all, so helpful and kind and was always around as a friend and my little odd job man.

Police said post-mortem examinations will take place at Peterborough City Hospital on Monday.

A 27-year-old man and 33-year-old woman, who were arrested in connection with the deaths, have been released with no further action taken.

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Energy support for small and medium sized businesses will be reduced

The rising cost of doing business in April has been called a "perfect storm" for small companies in Northern Ireland, as rates bills arrive.

For some businesses, the new financial year brings an increase in costs such as wages, water bills, corporation tax and business rates.

This year will also see a reduction in energy bill support.

In England, retail, hospitality and leisure properties will get 75% rates relief, up to a cash cap of £110,000.

As a result of that decision Stormont received £163m, but that money did not go towards business rates relief because there was no minister or executive to allocate it.

A Department of Finance spokesperson said the additional funding would not cover the cost of implementing the same schemes in Northern Ireland.

"Any decisions in relation to new rate relief measures for business in Northern Ireland would be for the secretary of state or a future executive to make, having considered the full competing priorities for public funding," they said.

Alan Lowry, policy chairman of the Federation of Small Businesses in Northern Ireland, said members were being hit with a "perfect storm".

"There's a 75% rates reduction being given to retail, hospitality and leisure in England and Wales. We need to see that over here," he said.

"That money has been given to the Northern Ireland economy through the Barnett consequential, but we actually need to see that hitting the ground here and actually getting to our members and the other people who really need that support right now."

Robert Bell, managing director of SD Bells tea and coffee business in Belfast, said the situation was "really unfair".

"I do think the 75% rates rebate in England and Wales shines a light on the fact that it is not available to us," he said.

He employs about 30 people and wages are the company's biggest overhead, so the rise in minimum wage will have the largest impact on its bottom line.

"Across the board, 9.75% is a big hit. It makes it very hard to maintain pay differentials as well," he said.

"So it is, in a sense, inflationary. It might mean that we end up paying fewer people, fewer hours.

"There may be a contraction in the number of hours, I hope not, but that might be an unintended consequence of the increase in minimum wage which is a worry."

Businesses in Northern Ireland are also facing an above inflation increase in water charges of 13.4%, which will also affect Mr Bell's running costs.

"We consume a lot of water, it's certainly not our biggest cost, our electric and gas would be higher but it's still a worry," he said.

"I mean a 13% water increase is not insignificant, but we can't just pass it all on to our consumers that easily so it's another worry."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

So how much of this can be passed on to customers in the form of higher prices?

"There will certainly be a small increase I'm sure across the board to our customers, but we will try to absorb as much of it as we can and try to make other efficiencies," Mr Bell said.

The government is scaling back support for businesses from April.

Under the new scheme, firms will get a discount on wholesale prices rather than costs being capped as under the current one.

Heavy energy-using sectors, like glass, ceramics and steelmakers, will get a larger discount than others.

But firms will only benefit from the scheme when energy bills are high.

Some business groups have warned it falls short for those struggling with soaring costs.

Mr Lowry said it would mean a lot of businesses were unsustainable.

"They are either going to have to take on more borrowings with additional interest rates as they continue to increase or else they are simply going to have to close," he said.

"If they don't put prices up, they don't make enough money to pay their staff, their suppliers and therefore they can't keep the doors open. The only other option is to close their doors or put their prices up."

Last updated on .From the section Boxing

British heavyweight Joe Joyce's world-title ambitions were derailed as he suffered a sixth-round technical knockout loss to China's Zhilei Zhang at London's Copper Box Arena.

Joyce, 37, was staggered several times and had no answer to Zhang's power as he suffered his first pro loss.

The ringside doctor twice inspected Joyce's swollen eye before the referee halted the contest in the sixth.

"I'm just disappointed with my performance," Joyce told BT Sport.

"The right hand he kept hitting me with... I couldn't get out of the way, so respect to Zhang.

"I expected to win like I normally do. Thanks for all the support and congratulations."

Joyce, the 2016 Olympic silver medallist, was the mandatory challenger for unified champion Oleksandr Usyk's WBO title and was on the cusp of a world-title shot.
• None As it happened: Joyce suffers first defeat

He added: "I'm disappointed. I'd like to apologise to all my fans and supporters - I'll be back. My journey's not over, this is just a hurdle I've tripped over. I'll be back."

This was not part of the script, with Joyce losing his WBO interim title.

Zhang - a 39-year-old, 6ft 6in southpaw with an accomplished amateur career - was far from a walkover opponent, but was the underdog.

Joyce entered the ring to the theme tune of sci-fi film Terminator, and it was a robotic performance from the Putney fighter.

He has been guilty of starting slow in the past, but even he looked surprised by the tremendous opening round from 'Big Bang', who hurt Joyce twice with big lefts.

'Juggernaut' Joyce has been commended in the past for having the best, and toughest, chin in the division, but he struggled to shrug off Zhang's heavy shots.

He became a sitting duck at times and was staggered by a left and then a huge right in the second before wobbling towards his own corner.

Blood began to pour from Joyce's nose, both eyes marked up and swollen.

Joyce was 1st 9lb lighter than his opponent at Friday's weigh-in, and Zhang's power could be heard from the thud of each punch to the Briton's temple.

Joyce desperately needed a response and started firing back in the fourth, but with his eye starting to close, there were concerns from his team the fight could be halted.

While the ringside doctor inspected Joyce between round five and six, Zhang smiled and acknowledged the crowd.

The fight was allowed to continue, but with Joyce's eyesight clearly hindered - and being repeatedly peppered by Zhang's punches - referee Howard Foster recalled the doctor in round six before deciding to save Joyce from any more, potentially long-lasting, damage.

Zhang - who won silver at the 2008 Olympics - now boasts 25 wins, with 19 stoppages, one defeat and one draw.

"Today is mine," he said. "Today belongs to me, belongs to everyone who showed up, belongs to every Chinese fan who showed up."I'm 39 years old, but I'm disciplined, I train hard and next step I go for the title."

In fight week, Joyce said was targeting a world-title shot against Usyk, WBC champion Tyson Fury or a lucrative bout against Anthony Joshua.

He insisted he "will be back" and promoter George Warren said they may seek a rematch with Zhang.

Earlier in the night, American Mikaela Mayer moved a step closer to a potential future showdown with Ireland's undisputed lightweight champion Katie Taylor as she beat late replacement Lucy Wildheart on points.

Former super-featherweight champion Mayer, 32, was the busier and more accurate boxer against the game Wildheart, who stepped in at 24 hours' notice after after Christina Linardatou failed a medical.

Sweden's Wildheart, 30, had the odd success early on but Mayer - who controlled the distance and got the better of the inside exchanges - dominated the middle and later rounds to win the vacant WBC interim title.

The judges scored the fight 98-91, 98-92 and 100-90 to Mayer.

She said: "I do believe Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano will go for their rematch. If that happens, I believe it will, I will challenge the winner.

"I feel great, I want the toughest fights possible. Right now that's Katie Taylor."
• None Lord Sugar has reopened his fierce boardroom Down Under
• None Jason Derulo is on the hunt for an exciting all-around artist

A Russian Sukhoi-34 fighter-jet has accidentally bombed the Russian city of Belgorod, around 40km (25 miles) from the border with Ukraine.

Regional governor Vyacheslav Gladkov said three people were injured and several buildings were damaged.

More than 500 police officers were involved in Wednesday's operation

Italian police have arrested a further 61 suspected members of Italy's most powerful mafia, the 'Ndrangheta, in a series of raids across seven regions.

They are suspected of crimes including fraud, drug-trafficking, infiltrating government and extorting local farmers.

More than 500 police officers were involved in the operation, which targeted 167 people in total - including dozens currently in prison.

The sting was part of a wider, ongoing operation to crack down on the group.

Last week, more than 100 people were arrested across Europe in what police said was the biggest operation to have ever been carried out against the 'Ndrangheta.

The investigation also revealed important new information about how some of the highest levels of the group operate - including during the Covid pandemic.

One of its alleged bosses, Pasquale Bonavota, was arrested in a cathedral in the northern city of Genoa last month.

Hundreds of other alleged mobsters and corrupt officials have either been imprisoned or are still to be tried over their suspected involvement with the Mancuso family.

It is just one of the 150 families that form part of the 'Ndrangheta's criminal network, which has surpassed Cosa Nostra as the most powerful mafia group in the country and operates in more than 40 countries around the world.

Italian and Belgian investigators believe that the crime group smuggled close to 25,000kg of cocaine between October 2019 and January 2022 and funnelled more than €22m from Calabria to Belgium, the Netherlands and South America.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Ben Roberts-Smith: Why Australian soldier's case loss raises next question... in 83 seconds

Australia's most-decorated living soldier Ben Roberts-Smith has lost a historic defamation case against three newspapers that accused him of war crimes in Afghanistan.

The outlets were sued over articles alleging he killed unarmed prisoners.

The civil trial was the first time a court has assessed accusations of war crimes by Australian forces.

A judge said four of the six murder allegations - all denied by the soldier - were substantially true.

Justice Anthony Besanko found the newspaper had not proven two other murder allegations; nor reports Mr Roberts-Smith had assaulted a woman with whom he was having an affair; nor a threat against a junior colleague.

But additional allegations that he had unlawfully assaulted captives and bullied peers were found to be true.

Mr Roberts-Smith, who left the defence force in 2013, has not been charged over any of the claims in a criminal court, where there is a higher burden of proof. The 44-year-old was not present for Thursday's judgement.

After the decision, a Taliban spokesman said the case was proof of "uncountable crimes" by foreign forces in Afghanistan, but added he did not trust any court globally to follow them up.

Australian troops were deployed to Afghanistan between 2001 and 2021. Australian Defence Minister Richard Marles declined to comment on the case, saying it was a civil matter.

Mr Roberts-Smith is Australia's most famous living war veteran and served with the country's elite Special Air Service Regiment (SAS).

He received the country's highest military award - the Victoria Cross - in 2011 for having single-handedly overpowered Taliban machine-gunners who had been attacking his platoon.

But his public image was shattered in 2018 when The Sydney Morning Herald, The Age and The Canberra Times started publishing articles about his misconduct between 2009 and 2012.

The soldier argued five of the killings reported by the newspapers had occurred legally during combat, and the sixth did not happen at all.

His defamation case - dubbed by some "the trial of the century" - lasted 110 days and was rumoured to have cost up to A$25m ($16.3m, £13.2m).

More than 40 witnesses - including Afghan villagers, a government minister and a string of current and former SAS soldiers - gave extraordinary evidence about every facet of Mr Roberts-Smith's life.

But the case also exposed some of the secretive inner workings of Australia's elite special forces.

The trial heard from soldiers who said potential misconduct was rarely reported due to a "code of silence" within the regiment, and others defended their actions as necessary.

Many giving evidence were there unwillingly, having been subpoenaed, and three refused to speak about some allegations fearing self-incrimination.

Much of the evidence against Mr Roberts-Smith relied on eyewitness accounts and recollections of discussions among soldiers. Justice Besanko had to weigh the reliability of witnesses against each other, with the media outlets contending theirs had no reason to lie.

Speaking outside the Federal Court in Sydney, the news outlets called the judgement a "vindication" for their reporting.

"It's a day of justice for the brave men of the SAS who stood up and told the truth about who Ben Roberts-Smith is: a war criminal, a bully and a liar," said investigative reporter Nick McKenzie, who wrote the stories alongside Chris Masters and David Wroe.

"[And] today is a day of some small justice for the Afghan victims of Ben Roberts-Smith."

Journalist Nick McKenzie says their reporting had relied on the "moral courage" of other SAS soldiers

The Afghanistan Human Rights and Democracy Organisation also praised the role of investigative journalism in "uncovering the truth and raising public awareness" about what had taken place in the country.

Media magnate Kerry Stokes - who employs Mr Roberts-Smith at rival outlet Seven West Media - said the judgement did "not accord with the man I know".

"I know this will be particularly hard for Ben, who has always maintained his innocence," said Mr Stokes, who loaned the soldier money to fund his legal case. Mr Roberts-Smith had offered to hand in his Victoria Cross as collateral, local media reported.

The case comes three years after a landmark report found credible evidence that Australian forces had unlawfully killed 39 civilians and prisoners in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2013.

Accusations of war crimes have also been levelled at soldiers from the UK and US in recent years.

Local media say dozens of Australian soldiers are being investigated for their roles in alleged war crimes. But so far charges have only been laid against one, Oliver Schulz.

War historian Peter Stanley told the BBC ahead of the judgement that Mr Roberts-Smith's case was "a litmus test" for allegations of Australian wrongdoing in Afghanistan.

"The Ben Roberts-Smith episode is just a precursor to the major series of war crimes investigations, allegations, prosecutions, and possibly convictions that we'll see over the next few years."

Man City 2-1 Leeds: The taker is the taker, says Pep Guardiola Last updated on .From the section Man City

Manchester City are four points clear at the top and in control of the Premier League title race, but their manager Pep Guardiola still wasn't happy after his side's 2-1 win over Leeds. Goal machine Erling Haaland and match winner Ilkay Gundogan were the players who felt his wrath with Guardiola reminding them that "this is a business" after seeing a late penalty miss allow Sam Allardyce's side back into the game. Leading 2-0 with six minutes to go, City were cruising towards a 10th-successive victory and were handed a chance to wrap up the points when Phil Foden was fouled in the box. Step forward the deadliest finisher in the land - their prolific 51-goal striker and regular at spot-kicks, Haaland… or so you would think. Instead, Haaland handed the ball to Gundogan, who was on a hat-trick after scoring both of those earlier goals. Gundogan hit the post, and 58 seconds later Leeds went up the other end to make it 2-1 - ensuring a nervy finish to a game that City had completely controlled. The decision did not go down well with his manager, who made it clear to both players that he had wanted Haaland to take the penalty.
• None Man City beat Leeds to go four points clear at top
• None Have your say on City's 2-1 win
• None Go straight to all the best Man City content "First he [Guardiola] showed to Erling that he was quite mad about that and then also he had a go at me," Gundogan explained. "It is what it is in the end. "The moment Erling grabbed the ball, I was sure he was going to take it but he looked out for me. I checked with him a few times to make sure he was sure. He was certain to hand the ball to me. I was confident to score. I can't even remember if the keeper saved it or it was the post? "We should have scored a third. This is sometimes how it is that they go on the counter and score. Things can change, momentum can shift. But we dealt quite well with it and deserved the three points." 'The taker is the taker' Guardiola had calmed down a little by the time he faced the media after the match but he was still adamant Haaland should have taken the penalty, given the situation his side were in. "The game is not over," Guardiola said. "It shows how nice and generous Erling is. If it is 4-0 with 10 minutes left, OK. "But at 2-0? At 2-0, especially in England, it is never over. "Erling is the best penalty taker right now so he has to take it. I want the player who is the taker, because they have more routine and a specialism. He has maybe taken 10 or 11 penalties and he had the feeling - Gundogan does not have that right now. "I admire the fact Gundogan wanted the responsibility to take the penalty - that is the best value in a player - but normally the taker is the taker, and Erling had to take it because he is our specialist. "Today Erling could have scored two or three goals. He played incredibly well, in his movement and how he fought for us. I like to praise him when he does not score. "If Gundogan scores the penalty everyone is 'OK, hat-trick, well done'. But a taker is a taker. At 2-0, this is a business, not a situation where we cannot forget it." Another step towards another Premier League title City have now gone 20 games unbeaten in all competitions and this victory was another step towards their third successive Premier League title, part of their bid for a Treble that also includes the FA Cup and Champions League. They have played catch-up to Arsenal for most of the season and trailed the Gunners by eight points in January but, with both sides left with four games to play, they have opened up a significant lead for the first time - not that they are taking anything for granted. "Probably the best warning about that is today," Gundogan added. "But we have an experienced team and have had these kind of run-ins in recent years. We know what to do to keep the momentum going and win games. Nothing more but also nothing less."
• None Our coverage of Manchester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything City - go straight to all the best content

A picture of Jean Moulin sat on Daniel Cordier's bookshelf at his home on the French Riviera

French Resistance figure Daniel Cordier - who has died at the age of 100 - was one of the last remaining heroes decorated by Charles de Gaulle for their role in fighting the Nazi occupation.

His death on Friday leaves only one survivor among the 1,038 men and women who received the title "Compagnons de la Libération" after World War Two.

The son of a wealthy merchant in south-western France, Cordier first became involved in politics in the 1930s as a teenage member of the royalist far-right.

In June 1940, after German forces crushed the French army and the government of Marshall Philippe Pétain sued for peace, Cordier's activism took a different turn.

"As my mother collapsed into my stepfather's arms, I raced upstairs and flung myself on my bed, and I sobbed. But then (…) I suddenly drew myself up, and I said to myself, 'But no, this is ridiculous," Cordier recalled in a 2018 interview with the BBC. "[Pétain] is just a stupid old fool! We have to do something."

Daniel Cordier left to join the Free French in 1940 and returned in 1942

Three days later he and a few friends boarded a ship bound for French Algeria, which was seen as shelter for patriots who refused to surrender. But the vessel was diverted to Britain, where Cordier joined de Gaulle's Free French.

He joined the movement's intelligence arm and was parachuted into central France in mid-1942. A high point in his life was his meeting with Jean Moulin, the man tasked by de Gaulle to co-ordinate Resistance groups.

Cordier had come to deliver a message. The two men hit it off and he became the commander's right-hand man, based in Lyon.

"I admired Jean Moulin from the moment I first saw him," Cordier told the BBC. "He had an elegance and a kindness, and also a huge capacity for work. In his view, he was the Resistance. I hope in my own small way I was able to serve him as he wanted."

Ten months later Moulin was betrayed to the Gestapo and killed under torture. Cordier moved to Paris, where he continued to rally the resistance before escaping to London in 1944.

After the war he became a painter and a successful art-dealer, promoting contemporary masters such as Braque and Dubuffet.

He later credited Jean MouIin for initiating him into modern art. The education, he said, had begun as a kind of code. Moulin, he once said, decided to give him loud lectures on painters so as not to arouse suspicion when out and about in the danger zone that was occupied France.

Cordier took part in World War II commemoration ceremonies until his late 90s

Focused on his passion for art, Cordier did not speak publicly about his wartime past for decades. But he broke his silence in the 1970s, when a fellow Resistance hero portrayed Moulin - a hallowed figure in France - as a shambolic self-promoter and a Soviet agent.

Outraged, Cordier decided to clear his former boss's name. Delving into his Resistance past, he sifted through Resistance archives and interviewed survivors.

"I knew it was not true. But to prove it, I had to go back to the records," he told the BBC in 2018. The work culminated in the publication of influential biographies of Moulin in the 1980s and 1990s.

Controversy among historians continued over the nature of Moulin's links with the Communists - who after all were a key component of the Resistance Jean Moulin worked to unify. But Cordier's historical work helped refute many of the wilder allegations.

His effort to expose the truth did not end there. In a 2009 autobiography Cordier came out as gay, saying it would have been "utterly unthinkable" when he was young.

Loyal bank customers are being offered "measly" rates of interest on their savings, a committee of MPs has said.

The trend, which particularly affects older and more vulnerable customers, are the result of banks chasing higher profit margins, MPs on the Treasury Committee claimed.

Rates on instant access savings products are much lower than the Bank of England base rate.

Banks said they had to balance the needs of savers and borrowers.

In the past few months MPs on the committee have been challenging major banking bosses on the returns offered to their savings customers.

In February, the chief executives of the four biggest banks in the UK - Lloyds, NatWest, HSBC and Barclays - were given a grilling in Parliament.

Described as the highest-paid panel which had sat before the committee for some time - collectively earning more than £10m a year - the quartet of bank bosses argued that the debate incorrectly centred on the interest rate offered on easy access savings accounts.

They argued that regular saver deals offered market-leading rates of interest, and that instant access products were often a "gateway" to higher interest deals.

The hearing was followed by a string of letters to those banks, and the next tier of providers. Their responses have just been published.

Among them was a letter from Debbie Crosbie, chief executive of the Nationwide, who said that the building society needed to be prudent, it tried to help customers to get a better deal, and balance was required.

She said that included weighing up "the interests of savers with our mortgage borrowers, particularly with cost-of-living pressures".

The committee appears to be unimpressed with the providers' defence. It pointed out that the the big four High Street banks offered instant access savings rates of between 0.7% and 1.35%, compared with a Bank of England base rate of 4.5%.

"It is clearer than ever that the nation's biggest banks need to up their game and encourage saving," said Harriett Baldwin, who chairs the committee.

"While other products are available to those who shop around, the measly easy access rates on offer lead us to conclude that loyal customers are being squeezed to bolster bank profit margins.

"We remain concerned that the loyalty penalty is especially prominent for elderly and vulnerable customers who may still rely on High Street bank branches."

On Wednesday, UK Finance - the trade body for the banking sector - published data that showed total household savings shrunk year-on-year for the first time in at least 15 years.

The value of deposits in instant access accounts fell by 4% to £867bn in March compared with £905bn a year earlier, as people dipped into savings pots to cover larger bills and food shopping.

Nurses in Northern Ireland may have no alternative but to take further strike action if there has been no pay offer by autumn, the NI director of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has said.

Rita Devlin said nurses had been treated "like second-class citizens".

Her comments come after the Department of Health said there was no money for an uplift in a submission to an independent pay review body.

Ms Devlin said members were becoming increasingly frustrated over pay.

On Thursday, more than one million public sector workers in England and Wales, including teachers, police and doctors were told they would be offered pay rises of about 6%..

Under a deal set out earlier this year, NHS workers will receive a 5% pay rise. Ambulance workers, nurses, physiotherapists and porters will also get a one-off sum of at least £1,655.

Stormont's Department of Health said it did not have the funding to cover such a rise in Northern Ireland.

Rita Devlin from the RCN said without a pay offer problems with staff retention and recuitment will worsen

Ms Devlin told BBC News NI's Good Morning Ulster programme that nurses were growing increasingly frustrated over pay.

If by autumn "there is no offer on the table, no change in the political situation, if nothing changes, I do not believe we have an alternative (to strike action)", she continued.

She added that nurses can make "a significantly increased amount of money" by working outside Northern Ireland, in other parts of the UK or the Republic of Ireland.

A spokesperson for the Northern Ireland Office said the UK government "has no authority to negotiate pay in Northern Ireland".

The pay review body said the Department of Health's submission highlighted pay in Northern Ireland may fall behind other parts of the UK.

It added this risks "significantly deteriorating the position of the NHS workforce in Northern Ireland compared to the rest of the UK".

"The Department of Health told us there is currently no funding for a pay award and they would have to bid for funding from the Department of Finance," the body continued.

"They said they needed any pay award to be fully funded by HM Treasury."

The body added it was concerned with what the department had said about affordability, telling it "there was no capacity to afford a pay uplift for 2023-24 without implementing corresponding cuts to expenditure on services or additional funding being made available".

Nurses took part in industrial action earlier this year

On Thursday, a number of trade unions representing other parts of the public sector warned of industrial action in Northern Ireland if there was no progress on pay, with most decisions devolved to Stormont ministers.

There is currently no functioning executive or assembly at Stormont because of the Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) protest against post-Brexit trading rules.

It has instead been left to the Northern Ireland secretary to set a budget.

However, departmental budgets are being squeezed, partially as a result of an overspend last year.

On Thursday, Liam Kelly from the Police Federation of Northern Ireland said officers wanted clarity on whether a similar pay deal to England and Wales would apply in Northern Ireland.

"At this stage our officers are entitled to know if they are getting 7% or if, for the first time, there will be a break with pay parity," he said.

Funding a 7% pay rise would be a financial headache for the Police Service of Northern Ireland in the current landscape.

It has earmarked £18m in its budget for a wage increase for about 6,500 officers.

But that only equates to a 5% uplift, at a time when it is looking into a £40m black hole in its finances.

Previously, Northern Ireland has followed the rest of the UK in terms of officer pay awards.

There are now concerns among officers parity could be broken.

Police officers cannot go on strike, so they do not have the same leverage as other parts of the public sector.

Implementing any parallel 7% rise for prison officers would be equally challenging.

The head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service has warned that Stormont departments had "reached the limit" of what they can do to manage budget pressures this year and another overspend is looming.

Jayne Brady warned the government there remains an unfunded pay pressure of £571m, and a further £437m of pressures requiring decisions.

A spokesperson for the Department of Finance said pay awards "need to be viewed in the context of the available budget".

"Relevant Northern Ireland departments will consider the recommendations made by the pay review bodies and the local implications," they added.

A separate pay review body said consultants, dentists and GPs in Northern Ireland should get a 6% pay rise in line with the rest of the UK.

Implementing that in Northern Ireland would cost about £40m and it does not appear there is the money available.

Meanwhile, Justin McCamphill, from the teaching union NASUWT, said teachers "will vote with their feet" if their pay falls behind other regions.

"If we don't invest in our young people, we won't have an economy for the future," he said.

"So the government needs to look at the decisions it's been making."

There has been stalemate over a pay deal for teachers in Northern Ireland for over two years.

The last pay rise teachers got was for the 2020/21 school year.

There have been some big hikes in the cost of living since then, which have hot teachers like other workers.

Teachers have had to look on as their counterparts elsewhere in the UK have received rises - though not without strikes and strife in some cases.

The upshot is a teacher's salary in Northern Ireland is often thousands of pounds behind those in England, Scotland and Wales.

For instance, a new teacher in Northern Ireland gets just over £24,000 a year while in England that is now set to rise to around £30,000.

Pay deals are negotiated and agreed locally in Northern Ireland between the unions and management bodies like the Department of Education and Education Authority.

But with an education budget under severe pressure, and no Stormont, chances of a deal anytime soon are slim.

An emotional Lewis Capaldi told the Dundee crowd he was living his childhood dream

Lewis Capaldi, Jonas Brothers, The 1975, Anne-Marie and Zara Larsson are among the artists who took to the stage in front of tens of thousands of music fans at Radio 1's Big Weekend.

The three-day festival opened at Dundee's Camperdown Park on Friday - it was due to be held in the city three years ago but was cancelled due to Covid.

Here are some of the best pictures from the weekend:

The thousands who turned up to watch Lewis Capaldi were treated to multiple confetti showers

Before his set, Lewis joined Niall Horan on stage in what some have called "friendship goals"

Niall had the crowd clapping along to his songs

Raye told Newsbeat her set was all about "me, in a pink dress, having the time of my life"

Arlo Parks was full of vibes on the Future Sounds stage

The 1975's Matty Healy captivated the Saturday evening crowd with his outfits and instruments

Jared Leto's Thirty Seconds to Mars made it to Sunday's Future Sounds stage, after cancelling Saturday's scheduled performance

Fans joined them on stage, with selfie-taker Jack (right) telling Newsbeat it was a surreal experience

Becky Hill provided a sparkling performance with old and new hits

Anne-Marie made the stage her own

Ashnikko did things her way at Big Weekend

Wet Leg's Rhian Teasdale told Newsbeat "it was nice" to be at a festival again

Zara Larsson was living her best life on stage

Becoming besties because of The 1975

Jonas Brothers opened the Radio 1 Stage on Saturday, calling the fans "electrifying"

Flo said seeing people sing along was "giving them life"

Jess Glynne told Newsbeat she was nervous about performing live after time away from the stage

Tom Grennan powered through while his team Coventry City lost their play-off final to Luton Town

Klaudia and Elizabeth added a splash of pink to their outfits and said the Jonas Brothers' performance was "one of the best things"

...and then placed a hat on a fan, providing protection from the Dundee sun

Chowerman said it felt good to represent the South Asian community as he opened the BBC Introducing stage

Fans were keen to capture the best moments from the festival

LF System said "it's great to come to Scotland and there's nothing like it"

Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.

Images of notes found at the home of nurse Lucy Letby, which her trial has heard contained phrases such as "I killed them" and "I am evil", have been released.

The handwritten notes were recovered by officers when Ms Letby was first arrested on 3 July 2018.

The 33-year-old is currently on trial accused of murdering seven babies and attempting to murder 10 others at the Countess of Chester Hospital.

She has denied all the charges.

Ms Letby, originally from Hereford, faces 22 charges in total relating to fatal and near-fatal incidents in 2015 and 2016.

On Monday, Manchester Crown Court was told the notes were filled with closely-written words and included declarations of love for a colleague, who cannot be identified for legal reasons.

Also written on the papers were the phrases "help me", "I can't do this any more" and "how can life be this way?".

Jurors were also told police recovered a 2016 diary from a chest of drawers, which contained a reference to "twins" on the date two twin boys prosecutors have claimed Ms Letby attempted to murder were born.

The handwritten documents were found following Ms Letby's arrest in July 2018

The discoveries included numerous notes and papers and a diary

Further entries included initial letters which the prosecution have said related to three other babies that Ms Letby allegedly attacked after returning from a holiday to Ibiza.

The court was told a green note found inside the diary read "I don't deserve to live".

It also included the wording "I killed them on purpose because I'm not good enough to care for them", "I am a horrible evil person" and, in capital letters, "I am evil I did this".

The diary also contained an A4 piece of paper containing similarly jumbled handwritten notes.

One sentence on it read: "I killed them. I don't know if I killed them. Maybe I did. Maybe this is down to me."

"Kill me" was also written in bold and circled on the sheet, while other words and phrases included "foreign objects", "slander", "tired", "crime number", "diagnosis compromised", "risk factors" and, repeatedly, "help me".

The nurse's tightly-written note, which was previously laid before the court, was shown to the jury

In his opening speech, Ben Myers KC, defending, told jurors the green note was the "anguished outpouring of a young woman".

He added Ms Letby was "in fear and despair" at the time, as she realised the "enormity" of what was being said "about her, in the moment, to herself".

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The suspect fled the school as police arrived and was eventually caught in a district of northern Helsinki

A child has been killed and two others seriously wounded in a shooting at a school in Finland, police say.

Police said all three victims were 12 and that a suspect, also aged 12, had fled but was later detained.

Parents told Finnish media that the shooting had taken place in a classroom at Viertola school in Vantaa, to the north of the capital, Helsinki.

Police said they arrived at the school within nine minutes at 09:17 (06:17 GMT) and tended to the three victims.

"One of the victims died almost immediately at this location in the school," said the head of local police, Tomi Salosyrja. The other two children have been taken to hospital and their condition is described as very serious.

In common with other Finnish schools, children had just returned to classes in Vantaa, just outside Helsinki, after the long Easter weekend. All of those involved are in the sixth grade.

The suspect ran off as soon as police arrived and was eventually detained "in a calm manner" in the northern Siltamaki district of Helsinki at 09:58. A video taken from a passing car shows the suspect being pinned down beside a road almost 4km (2.5 miles) from the school.

Police said he had been holding a firearm which they had taken from him and he admitted carrying out the shooting.

Authorities have now opened an investigation into murder and attempted murder.

Children under the age of 15 are not criminally liable in Finland, so the suspect has not been remanded in custody and will be placed in the care of social services after further questioning.

The suspect is understood to have used a gun licensed to a close relative. Gun ownership is widespread in Finland and children over 15 can have licences to use other people's firearms.

Prime Minister Petteri Orpo described the shooting as deeply upsetting and said it was evident too many young people struggled with their mental health: "We have to be able to tackle these issues sooner."

President Alexander Stubb spoke of his shock. A day of mourning will take place in Finland on Wednesday.

Education Minister Anna-Maja Henriksson was on the verge of tears when she told a news conference that what had happened was a great tragedy. Her thoughts were with the "12-year-old who will never come home from school again".

It was shocking that a child of 12 could get hold of a gun, she said, and once the government had a complete picture, it would consider whether further measures needed to be taken to protect Finland's schools.

Children at the school were told to stay in their classrooms after the attack, while other schools and kindergartens nearby were also instructed to lock their doors.

The shooting brought back memories of earlier deadly attacks, including two shootings and an attack on a vocational school four years ago involving a man wielding a sword.

In 2007, an 18-year-old student shot dead six pupils, the school nurse and his head teacher in the small town of Jokela, north of Helsinki, then the following year another student shot dead nine pupils and a teacher with a semi-automatic rifle at a polytechnic in the western town of Kauhajoki.

The shootings prompted a tightening of gun laws, requiring gun owners to be at least 18, but anyone over 15 can apply for a permit to use someone else's weapon if they have their guardian's permission. Eighteen-year-olds must be considered fit to possess a firearm before being granted a permit.

National Police Commissioner Seppo Kolehmainen said police relied on intelligence to prevent school shootings and in this case were unable to stop it.

Finland is widely known as a country of hunters and gun enthusiasts and has 430,000 licensed gun owners in a population of 5.6 million, according to government statistics. There is no limit to the number of guns that can be owned and the interior ministry says more than 1.5 million are in circulation.

As news of the shooting emerged, parents gathered at the school to pick up their children, although the building where the incident took place remained cordoned off.

Vantaa is Finland's fourth biggest city with some 240,000 residents. Viertola school has 800 students aged seven to 16 of both primary and middle-school age on two separate sites, with some 90 staff. The shooting took place at at the school's Jokiranta site where pupils aged 9-13 are taught.

Initially police said everyone involved was 13 but then revised their ages down to 12.

Are you in the area? Did you witness the incident? Please get in touch if you are safe to do so by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Lady with a Fan is the last portrait Austrian artist Gustav Klimt painted before he died

Gustav Klimt's final painting has sold for £85.3m ($108.4m), making it the most valuable work of art ever sold at auction in Europe.

Lady with a Fan (Dame mit Fächer) was sold to a Hong Kong collector who triumphed in a four-way bidding war at Sotheby's.

The portrait of the unnamed woman was still on an easel in Klimt's studio when the painter died in 1918.

It soared past its £65m estimate in an auction that lasted 10 minutes.

The painting, described as "a masterpiece by an artist at the height of his powers", has strong Asian influences and is part of the Japonisme trend, which refers to the influence of Japanese art and design among Western European artists.

It also features several Chinese motifs including the phoenix, a symbol of immortality and rebirth, and lotus blossoms that signify love.

Helena Newman, the chair of Sotheby's Europe and worldwide head of impressionist and modern art, said: "Dame mit Fächer is the last portrait Gustav Klimt created before his untimely death, when still in his artistic prime and producing some of his most accomplished and experimental works.

"Many of those works, certainly the portraits for which he is best known, were commissions. This, though, is something completely different - a technical tour de force, full of boundary-pushing experimentation, as well as a heartfelt ode to absolute beauty."

Lady with a Fan is among the very few portraits by Klimt, a leading figure of the Vienna Secession art movement, to be owned privately. It was last sold in 1994, when it fetched $11.6m (£9m).

The Austrian Symbolist painter is best-known for his work on gold-leaf-encrusted canvases such as The Kiss, 1907-8, and Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I, 1907.

Marmite-maker Unilever and supermarket Sainsbury's have rejected suggestions that they are not protecting customers from rising prices.

It comes after the Office for National Statistics (ONS) told the BBC that falls in global food prices were not yet being reflected in supermarkets.

Unilever said it was not "profiteering in any form" from rising prices.

Sainsbury's said it had spent millions on lowering prices and was "determined to battle inflation".

The cost of living has surged recently, with food prices almost a fifth higher in March than a year earlier - the biggest such rise since 1977.

However, wholesale food prices have started to fall with the World Bank saying it expected them to drop 8% by the end of this year.

Supermarkets say such falls take time to reach supermarket shelves. But in March the Unite union accused some supermarkets of "fuelling inflation by excessive profiteering".

In January, Tesco chairman John Allan suggested suppliers may be at fault, telling the BBC it was "entirely possible" that they were using high inflation as an excuse to raise prices unnecessarily.

But on Thursday, Unilever boss Alan Jope dismissed such suggestions to reporters, saying the company was only passing on three-quarters of the higher costs it was facing.

"We are very conscious that the consumer is hurting and that's why we are not passing through the full price increases and are asking shareholders to bear some of the burden," Mr Jope said.

It came as the consumer goods giant, which also makes Ben & Jerry's ice cream, reported a 10.5% rise in sales in the first three months of the year.

The better-than-expected figure was driven by price hikes, with the company lifting prices by 10.7% over the period.

Separately, the boss of Sainsbury's said the chain would pass on any falls in the price of goods as soon as it could and was "absolutely determined to battle inflation for our customers".

However, Simon Roberts said widespread price falls were not likely to come soon as energy and labour costs continued to rise.

It came as the UK's second largest grocery chain reported a better-than-expected 5% fall in underlying profits to £690m and a near-6% rise in sales in the year to March.

The war in Ukraine has driven up food prices around the world, but the UK has faced other problems on top of this - from Brexit red tape to labour shortages.

This year in particular, bad weather abroad led to shortages of some vegetables - a situation made worse by UK farmers producing less due to surging energy costs.

UK farmers have also argued that supermarkets are not paying a fair price for their produce - something the supermarkets deny.

Last week, the British Retail Consortium, which represents grocers, said there was a three to nine-month lag to see price falls reflected in shops.

"As food production costs peaked in October 2022, we expect consumer food prices to start coming down over the next few months," it said.

President Erdogan's powers have increased dramatically since he first led Turkey in 2003

President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power for more than 20 years and he is favourite to win five more, having narrowly missed out on a first-round victory.

Turkey is a Nato member state of 85 million people, so it matters who is president both to the West and to Turkey's other partners including Russia.

Mr Erdogan's opponent in a second-round run-off on 28 May is Kemal Kilicdaroglu, who was backed by six opposition parties and won almost 45% of the vote - some 2.5 million votes less than his rival.

Turkey has become increasingly authoritarian under President Erdogan and this was the opposition's biggest chance yet to defeat him, with Turks struggling with soaring inflation and reeling from twin earthquakes that have left more than 50,000 people dead.

Whoever wins the vote on 28 May will win the presidency.

His AK Party has been in power since November 2002, and he has ruled Turkey since 2003.

Although Turkey's 64 million voters are deeply polarised, the 69-year-old leader has an in-built advantage over his rival.

Mr Erdogan's allies control most mainstream media, to the extent that state TV gave the president 32 hours and 42 minutes of air time and his challenger just 32 minutes, at the height of the campaign in April.

Monitors from the international observer group OSCE said there was an unlevel playing field and biased coverage in Turkey's vote, even if voters had genuine political alternatives.

Initially Mr Erdogan was prime minister, but he then became president in 2014, running the country from a vast palace in Ankara. He responded to a failed 2016 coup by dramatically increasing his powers and cracking down on dissent.

Leading Kurdish politicians have been jailed and other opposition figures threatened with a political ban.

But this election was the opposition's biggest hope of unseating the president yet.

Increasing numbers of Turks have blamed him for rampant inflation of 44%, and academics say the real rate is far higher than that.

He and his ruling AK Party were widely criticised for their response to the double earthquakes in February that left millions of Turks homeless in 11 provinces.

And yet most of the cities which are considered Erdogan strongholds still gave him 60% of the vote.

His party is rooted in political Islam, but he has forged an alliance with the ultra-nationalist MHP.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu, 74, is an unlikely choice of candidate to unseat the president.

He is seen as a mild-mannered and bookish opponent and presided over a string of election defeats at the helm of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP).

He polled well in the first round, taking Mr Erdogan to his first run-off, but not as well as the opinion polls had indicated he would.

Mr Kilicdaroglu secured the backing of six opposition parties, including the nationalist Good party and four smaller groups, which include two former Erdogan allies one of whom co-founded the AK Party.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu has agreed that the leaders of his alliance will all share the role of vice president

He also has the support of Turkey's second-biggest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish HDP, whose co-leader described the elections as "the most crucial in Turkey's history".

His biggest hope of snatching victory from a president buoyant after his first-round lead lies in increasing the support of both nationalist and Kurdish voters. A difficult feat when Turkey's nationalists want the next president to take a tougher line on Kurdish militants.

In the lead-up to the second round, he made a clear pitch to nationalist voters, banging his fists on the table and vowing to send home 3.5 million Syrian refugees. This was already his policy, but now he has decided to make a big point of it.

Kemal Kilicdaroglu's selection was not universally popular as the mayors of Istanbul and Ankara were potentially stronger candidates. Both are party colleagues who took control of Turkey's two biggest cities in 2019 for the CHP for the first time since 1994.

He is also a member of Turkey's Alevi minority, and when the opposition candidate drew attention to his roots Mr Erdogan accused him of seeking to exploit it.

His Nation Alliance, also known as the Table of Six, are united in their desire to return Turkey from the presidential system created under Mr Erdogan to one led by parliament.

The leaders of the other five members of the alliance have agreed to take on the roles of vice-president. But even if they were to win the presidency, the Erdogan alliance won a majority in parliament on 14 May and would make reforms very difficult.

Turnout in the first round was already very high at almost 89% among voters in Turkey.

If Mr Kilicdaroglu is to make up the 2.5 million votes between him and President Erdogan, he will need to win over voters who backed ultranationalist candidate Sinan Ogan who came third in the first round with 2.8 million votes.

That task was made even harder when Mr Ogan endorsed the president.

His demand is for a tougher stance on tackling Kurdish militants and returning Syrian refugees.

Mr Kilicdaroglu had already adopted a more strident tone on Syrians since the first round, promising to "send away" all refugees as soon as he came to power.

Reacting to Mr Ogan's decision to back his rival, he said the vote was now a referendum: "We are coming to save this country from terrorism and refugees."

President Erdogan said he had made no deals with Mr Ogan: 450,000 refugees had already returned home and the plan was to send back another million, he said.

The ruling AK Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan has forged an alliance with the nationalist MHP and together they have secured a majority of 322 seats in the 600-seat parliament, down on five years ago.

Parties tend to form alliances because they need a minimum of 7% support to enter parliament.

The six-party opposition wants to change that but its Nation Alliance only managed 212 seats.

The pro-Kurdish party ran under the banner of the Green Left to avoid a potential election ban, and came third with 61 seats.

Under the Erdogan reforms, it is now the president who chooses the government, so there is no prime minister.

Under Turkey's revamped constitution allowing only two terms as president, Mr Erdogan would have to stand down in 2028 if he won the 28 May run-off. There are currently no plans for a successor.

He has already served two terms but Turkey's YSK election board ruled that his first term should be seen as starting not in 2014 but in 2018, when the new presidential system began with elections for parliament and president on the same day.

Opposition politicians had earlier asked the YSK to block his candidacy.

Under an Erdogan presidency, Turkey can expect increased control of state institutions and the media and a greater crackdown on dissent. Inflation is likely to remain high because of his preference for low interest rates.

Internationally, he could continue to resist Sweden's bid to join Nato and will paint himself as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia.

Mr Kilicdaroglu and his allies want to remove the president's right to veto legislation, cutting the post's ties to political parties and making it electable every seven years.

He wants to bring inflation down to 10% and send 3.5 million Syrian refugees home. President Erdogan has promised to speed up the voluntary repatriation of a million Syrians.

Mr Kilicdaroglu also wants kickstart Turkey's decades-long bid to join the European Union and restore "mutual trust" with the US, after years of fractious relations during the Erdogan years.

The club said no current directors or senior managers were involved in price fixing

Leicester City faces a fine of up to £880,000 for colluding to fix the price of replica football kits, the UK's competition regulator has said.

The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said the club and retailer JD Sports had admitted to anti-competitive behaviour, including "price fixing conduct".

It said both broke competition law between 2018 and 2021 with an illegal deal on clothing sales.

The club has accepted the CMA findings.

The 2015-16 Premier League champions, and their parent companies, have subsequently agreed to pay a fine up to the maximum penalty of £880,000, the CMA said.

JD Sports will avoid a fine after reporting the illegal activity.

JD Sports said it signed a leniency agreement with the CMA last month

The provisional findings of a CMA investigation revealed that, in August 2018, JD Sports said it would stop selling Leicester City-branded clothing online for the 2018-19 season, and in January 2019, JD Sports agreed it would "not undercut" the club in terms of online sales for the following season by making Leicester City items exempt from free delivery.

It said JD Sports continued the agreement to sell all Leicester City clothing with the delivery charge until at least January 2021.

Michael Grenfell, the CMA's executive director of enforcement, said: "Strong and unimpeded competition between retailers is essential to consumers' ability to shop around for the best deals.

"Football fans are well-known for their loyalty towards their teams.

"In this case we have provisionally found that Leicester City FC and JD Sports colluded to share out markets and fix prices with the result that fans may have ended up paying more than they would otherwise have done.

"Both parties have now admitted their involvement, allowing us to bring the investigation to a swift conclusion.

"The fine that Leicester City FC and its parent companies have agreed to pay sends a clear message to them and other businesses that anti-competitive collusion will not be tolerated."

The club, which was relegated to the Championship last season, stressed none of its current directors or senior management were involved in the arrangements.

"These arrangements related to a limited number of bulk orders by JD Sports, which were accepted by the club's retail sales team over the relevant period," it said in a statement.

"There was no intention on the part of the club to unlawfully restrict the resale of the goods supplied and no material financial advantage to be gained from doing so, given the limited amount of kit supplied to JD Sports.

"However, the club accepts the CMA's findings and has taken steps to strengthen its training and compliance measures to ensure the club's retail operations fully comply with competition law."

JD Sports also said no current or former directors or senior management of JD were involved in the offending conduct and that it signed a leniency agreement with the CMA last month.

The company added: "JD has taken a number of steps to strengthen its competition compliance programme and the board reaffirms its commitment to making the necessary resource available, internal and external, to ensure that this is embedded into its daily operations."

The announcement come almost a year after JD Sports, its rival Elite Sports and Rangers Football Club were handed fines over price fixing on replica kits.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

As the former US President Donald Trump made his way from Florida to New York to surrender for his arraignment in New York courts, the world followed his every move.

BBC correspondents Barbara Plett Usher in Palm Beach and Nada Tawfik in New York City break down the day.

Amazon is to pay $25m (£20m) to settle allegations that it violated children's privacy rights with its Alexa voice assistant.

The company agreed to pay the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) after it was accused of failing to delete Alexa recordings at the request of parents.

It was found to have kept hold of sensitive data for years.

Amazon's doorbell camera unit Ring will also pay out after giving employees unrestricted access to customers' data.

Ring will pay $5.8m to authorities, according to a filing in federal court in the District of Columbia.

According to the FTC complaint regarding Alexa, Amazon "prominently and repeatedly assured its users, including parents, that they could delete voice recordings collected" by the system.

But the company did not do this, keeping data for years and using it unlawfully to help improve its Alexa algorithm, the complaint said.

In a statement, Samuel Levine, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection, accused Amazon of "misleading parents, keeping children's recordings indefinitely, and flouting parents' deletion requests".

The company "sacrificed privacy for profits", he added.

Similarly, the FTC said Ring - which Amazon bought in 2018 - allowed "thousands of employees and contractors" to watch recordings of customers' private spaces.

They were able to view and download customers' sensitive video data for their own purposes, the body said.

Amazon told the BBC in a statement that "Ring promptly addressed the issues at hand on its own years ago, well before the FTC began its inquiry".

But according to the complaint, one employee viewed thousands of video recordings belonging to female users of Ring cameras that "surveilled intimate spaces in their homes such as their bathrooms or bedrooms".

The employee was only stopped once their actions were spotted by a colleague, it said.

"Ring's disregard for privacy and security exposed consumers to spying and harassment," Mr Levine said. "The FTC's order makes clear that putting profit over privacy doesn't pay."

Amazon said: "While we disagree with the FTC's claims regarding both Alexa and Ring, and deny violating the law, these settlements put these matters behind us."

The company added that it will continue to invent more privacy features on behalf of customers.

Coverage: Live across BBC TV, radio and online with extensive coverage on BBC iPlayer, Red Button, Connected TVs and mobile app. More coverage details

Wimbledon supporters have criticised the organisation of the queue after increased security checks slowed entry, causing frustrated fans to leave.

More than 12,000 people were queuing in Wimbledon Park, next to the grounds, with some having camped overnight.

Wimbledon said it had boosted security after the protests from the Just Stop Oil group at recent sporting events.

"We have missed a whole day's play, I would never ever do it again," Chrys Meade told the BBC.

"We were told it was unexpected numbers, but why are you letting people in [to queue]? Then they are telling us security was not enough to cope with the numbers.

"We're just obviously disappointed. It's four o'clock and we are nowhere near there [the front] yet."

Play began at 11:00 BST, but just before midday organisers advised people not to travel to join the queue.

The queue has become a Wimbledon tradition, with 500 tickets available for each of the main three courts - Centre Court, Court One and Court Two - with the remaining fans able to buy ground passes to watch the outside courts.

Last year the queue returned to Wimbledon having not been used in 2021 as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, which also caused the 2020 tournament to be cancelled.

Just Stop Oil activists interrupted the first day of the second Ashes Test between England and Australia at Lord's.

That followed similar protests by the same group at the rugby union Premiership final and the World Snooker Championship, while animal rights activists delayed the start of the Grand National race this year.

An All England Club spokesperson said the increased security operation was slowing down the entry process, adding: "There has been high demand from members of the public to join the queue on day one at Wimbledon.

"Understandably, our security team on the gates are conducting an enhanced bag check operation.

"While there has been a steady stream of guests entering the grounds since gates opened at 10am, entry via the queue has been at a slower rate than in previous years as a result of these checks.

"We sincerely thank guests in the queue for their patience and understanding."

But some fans criticised the lack of communication and the facilities on offer.

Becky Deeming arrived to queue at 3.45am on Monday and got into the grounds at 1.15pm. She told the PA news agency: "There was no water, nowhere to sit, it was the longest queue.

"Everyone around us had done it multiple times and they said: 'We have never seen it like this.' People were getting up and leaving."

Operations director at Wimbledon, Michelle Dite, told the BBC delays in the queue were due to extra bag checks being carried out by security.

"We had one of the highest attendances at Wimbledon since 2015," said Dite.

"We have a lot of security and we want to make sure everyone is safe and secure, so it did cause some delays yesterday. We did extra bag searches, but we've reviewed how everything operates and sped up our ticket sales. Every single part of the chain we went into detail last night and we're set to go.

"One of the joys of Wimbledon is everyone can come on the day and get in. This doesn't happen for many other events. The resilience for the queue was world class.

"We believe people are going to queue - that's why it's called the queue, we believe people know what they're getting in to. But [on Tuesday] it's going to be be slick, quick."

Georgia Jeffrey, trying to attend Wimbledon for the first time, said the whole experience was "hugely disappointing".

She told the BBC: "Six or seven hours of people standing in the same field, it has got a bit hectic, the toilets especially, they are not flushing any more so it has been a bit grim.

"This is my first Wimbledon and I've lived locally for a few years so this is my first go. It's just disappointing, especially for the people that have come so far."

Sally Bolton, chief executive of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, told journalists there is "100% bag search" and "selective body search" at all gates.

"We've taken account of what we've seen elsewhere, so security has been uplifted in various places around the grounds," she added.

"We're extremely confident the measures we've got in place are the right measures and we're ready to deal with something if it happens."

Earlier on Monday, the Wimbledon Twitter account said: "Our grounds are set to be at capacity today, which means those already in the queue will be waiting several hours for admission. We advise people intending to queue today not to travel to Wimbledon."

A Metropolitan Police statement said: "A policing operation is in place for The Championships, including both generalist and specialist officers, to prevent crime and disorder and to be able to provide an effective, timely response to any emerging incidents at the location and right across London."

Warnings had also been issued around potential disruption to train travel after train drivers' union Aslef said its members would withdraw non-contractual overtime with 16 of the country's 35 rail operators for six days from Monday.

Seven-time Wimbledon men's champion Novak Djokovic and five-time women's champion Venus Williams were among those in action on Monday, while a rain delay led to no play on Centre Court or the outside courts for more than an hour.

Wimbledon will run until 16 July, with two-time champion Andy Murray and reigning women's champion Elena Rybakina among those in action on Tuesday.

We're going to close this live page shortly but before then, here's a look at what's happened in the world of US banking today:

US stock markets... opened higher at the start of trading on Tuesday, after consumer prices in the US grew in line with expectations

Inflation figures... released today showed consumer prices in the US rose 6% over the 12 months to February - the slowest annual increase since September 2021

Shares in US banks... have recovered some of the steep losses they suffered following the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) - the second biggest bank failure in US history

The International Monetary Fund... says the US bank's collapse does not appear to be causing a global shock - at least for now

An investigation... is reportedly under way into what went wrong at SVB. Officials at the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission are looking at moves by executives to sell shares in the weeks ahead of the failure, as well as potential fraud, US media reports say

Meanwhile at Meta, the parent company of Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp... 10,000 jobs have been axed as part of a second round of major job cuts in six months

Twenty-two people were killed in the May 2017 bombing

The Manchester Arena Inquiry has published a catalogue of recommendations in a bid to help avoid similar atrocities in future.

The inquiry started in September 2020, more than three years after Salman Abedi detonated his homemade bomb at the end of an Ariana Grande concert.

Twenty-two people were killed and hundreds were injured.

Here are some of his key recommendations:

The report recommends a new scheme designed to prevent extremist prisoners from radicalising those who visit them - after Abedi was known to have been influenced by an extremist he visited behind bars.

Sir John said the Home Office should consider introducing a system based on the "risk a prisoner poses for radicalisation of others". This system should allow for proportionate restrictions to be applied to visitors to that person.

No one involved in Abedi's education had "sufficient" overview of his character to recognise his radicalisation, the inquiry found.

However, Sir John recommends the Department for Education should consider whether schools include notes of any significant behavioural problems - that may suggest violent extremism - or some record which follows a student if they move school.

Images of school pupils or college students handling firearms, explosives or other weapons that come to the attention of staff should also be recorded, unless there is a very clear innocent explanation.

No recommendation was made in relation to the acquisition of precursor chemicals that could be used in bomb making.

Sir John said he was "satisfied" the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament was "ensuring that as much as can be done is being done" in that respect.

Sir John said the Ministry of Justice should consider amending the 2005 Act to include being able to require a potential witness to participate in an interview as well as issuing pre-emptive enforcement proceedings for witnesses if there are grounds to believe that they will not co-operate.

He also wants to prevent a material witness from avoiding to attend witness proceedings.

He said one useful change, which would have assisted in the cases of Ismail Abedi and Ahmed Taghdi, would be the power to make a short-term restriction on the use of a witness's passport prior to attending to give evidence.

The inquiry recommends the Home Office should consider and respond to the 2021 Commission for Countering Extremism report "as a matter of urgency".

The report examines whether existing legislation adequately deals with hateful extremism.

Because some of Sir John's recommendations involve matters of national security, he said he would have to make further recommendations in a closed report.

But he did say he would publish a "gist of the areas covered, to the extent that is possible".

BBC reporter Mat Trewern has examined the final report which you can listen to on BBC Sounds.

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The UK should open more shared banking hubs to help those who feel uncomfortable managing their finances online, a charity has said.

Bank hubs - which are spaces shared by several different High Street lenders - are meant to help communities that have seen all their bank branches close.

But only four hubs have opened so far, while an average of 54 UK branches have shut each month since January 2015.

Age UK said older or vulnerable people could struggle with online banking.

The charity's research suggests 27% of over-65s and 58% of over-85s rely on face-to-face banking.

Charities and consumer groups have called for an acceleration in the introduction of banking hubs, when all branches have closed in an area.

These hubs have counter services run for the major banks, often by the Post Office.

They also have a dedicated room where customers visit community bankers from their own bank, with different banks visiting on different days of the week. The costs of the hub are shared between the participating banks.

Another 48 banking hubs have been agreed for areas across the UK, but they can take 12 months to find a premises and get up and running.

Banks have pointed to the large reduction in branch use - a trend accelerated by the Covid pandemic - and the popularity of managing money via smartphones, as good reason for diluting their branch network.

But Age UK said its survey suggested those who were most likely to feel uncomfortable using online banking were aged over 85, female, on a low income, or more disadvantaged than their counterparts.

Among those who were uncomfortable, the key concerns about online banking were fraud and scams, a lack of trust in online banking services, and a lack of computer skills.

The survey size becomes relatively small when broken down, but Age UK said that 34% of those with an annual income of less than £17,500 mainly banked face-to-face, compared to 15% of those with an income of £30,000 to £49,999 a year.

Separate figures show that, since the start of 2020, more branches have closed in poorer parts of the UK than in better-off areas.

In its report called "You can't bank on it anymore", Age UK said it was vital that physical banking spaces were protected. It said the last bank in town should remain open until a hub is ready to open.

Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: "We need to face up to the fact that huge numbers of older people, the oldest old, especially, are not banking online. Even older people who do bank online often want the ability to talk to a bank employee in the flesh about some kind of transaction.

"A lack of face-to-face banking will only serve to further exclude the millions of people on a low income who have no or limited access to the internet."

John Howells, chief executive of cash machine and cash access network Link, said: "It is vital to protect face-to-face banking services for the millions of consumers who rely on cash.

"The proposed national network of shared banking hubs being provided by the banking industry are proving a popular and easy to use way to do that."

Some 350 people worked to rescue people trapped by the latest strikes on Kryvyi Rih

At least six people, including a 10-year-old girl and her mother, have been killed by a Russian missile strike on the Ukrainian city of Kryvyi Rih.

Ukraine's interior minister said 69 others were injured when missiles slammed into a high-rise building and a university on Monday.

Regional governor Serhiy Lysak declared a day of mourning for those lost.

The home city of President Volodymyr Zelensky, Kryvyi Rih has been a consistent target for Russian strikes.

In June, 11 people died and 28 others were injured in the city after Russia launched a "massive missile attack" on civilian buildings.

The latest attack saw dozens of people hospitalised, including children aged from four to 17-years-old.

President Zelensky, who grew up in the city of 600,000 people, said a pair of missiles smashed into the residential apartment block and a university building early on Monday morning.

Locals told the Reuters news agency that the attack took place shortly after 09:00 local time (07:00 GMT).

A video posted by President Zelensky showed that much of the high-rise building had been completely demolished by the strike, with a large scar running up the structure. But officials said around 150 people managed to escape the blast unharmed.

Writing on Telegram, the Ukrainian leader said more than 350 people were involved in rescue operations and Mr Lysak said later that another 30 people were rescued from the building by the emergency workers.

President Zelensky added that "dozens of people" had been left traumatised and injured by the attack, but vowed that "this terror will not frighten us or break us".

In recent weeks, Russia has again been stepping up attacks on civilian targets, and Mykhailo Podolyak - a top adviser to Mr Zelensky - accused Moscow of launching "genocidal" attacks on Ukrainians.

"International law will never work if the aggressor does not see a real power behind it. The power begins with closing the Ukrainian skies with missile defence and air defence systems," he wrote on Twitter.

Moscow has consistently denied that it seeks out civilian targets. But Western leaders, including US President Joe Biden, have accused Russia of frequently bombarding areas with "no military purpose".

Earlier this month, the UN said there have been some 25,671 civilian casualties since Russian launched its invasion of Ukraine last year, but the true figure is likely to be far higher.

There will be no forgiveness! Never!" Mr Lysak wrote in a Telegram post on Monday. Russia would pay, he said, for "every innocent person killed" and "the suffering of our people".

Elsewhere, in the southern region of Kherson, the head of President Zelensky's office, Andriy Yermak, said four people were killed in what local officials called merciless Russian shelling.

The Kherson military administration said one of those killed was a 60-year-old utilities worker whose team had come under fire. Several others were injured in the blast.

And a drone attack has been reported in Russia's border region of Bryansk - with Governor Alexander Bogomaz saying a police station was hit.

On Saturday, Russian officials said three Ukrainian drones were downed in Moscow - the latest in a series of drone assaults on the Russian capital.

Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin blamed Ukraine for the attack, in which two office blocks were damaged, although there were no casualties.

President Zelensky warned that war was coming back to Russia, and that attacks on Russian territory were an "inevitable, natural and absolutely fair process" of the war between the two countries.

Emergency services helped residents in the aftermath of the missile strike

A former US Marine who placed a homeless man in a fatal chokehold on a New York City subway train has pleaded not guilty to criminal charges.

Daniel Penny, 24, was indicted in court on Wednesday on counts of second-degree manslaughter and negligent homicide.

Witnesses said Jordan Neely, 30, was shouting at other subway passengers and asking for money when Mr Penny pinned him down for several minutes on 1 May.

Video of the confrontation sparked protests and counter-demonstrations.

Mr Penny faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted of the manslaughter charge. He was arrested on 12 May and released on $100,000 (£80,000) in bail.

He has said he was acting in self-defence in the incident on a northbound F train subway car in Manhattan.

Witnesses said Mr Neely was shouting about how he was hungry and willing to return to jail or die. There is no indication he physically attacked anyone.

The incident was filmed by bystanders, and a video captured by a freelance journalist on the train shows Mr Penny holding Mr Neely around the neck for two minutes and 55 seconds.

He continued to restrain Mr Neely, including after he stopped moving, say prosecutors.

Emergency responders tried to resuscitate him, and he was taken to hospital, where he was pronounced dead.

The city medical examiner said his death resulted from compression of the neck and ruled it a homicide.

In a statement on Wednesday, Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg said he hopes the Neely family is "on the path towards healing as they continue to mourn this tragic loss".

Mr Penny did not address reporters as he entered the Manhattan court for Wednesday's brief hearing.

Earlier this month, Mr Penny addressed the incident on social media and said he did not intend to kill Mr Neely.

"I was scared for myself but I looked around there were women and children, he was yelling in their faces saying these threats. I just couldn't sit still," he said.

Supporters of Daniel Penny rallied in New York City last month

Outside court, attorneys for Mr Penny expressed confidence he will ultimately be found not guilty.

"There is not a living, breathing soul in Manhattan that has not experienced a variation of what not only Mr Penny but other individuals experienced on that subway car," lawyer Thomas Keniff said.

The defendant was ordered to return to court on 25 October for a pre-trial hearing.

A self-defence argument was the most logical way for Mr Penny to proceed, attorneys told the BBC.

The case is "dependent on whether or not there was an imminent harm posed to himself or others, and whether or not his conduct was excessive", said Dmitriy Shakhnevich, a criminal defence attorney and professor at John Jay Law School.

"That's really it," he said. "There's nothing else in this case."

That standard would be quite high, said Lance Fletcher, a former prosecutor who now works as a New York defence attorney.

"They have to say, he killed this guy and it wasn't justified, and no reasonable person would think it was justified," Mr Fletcher said. "And that's going to be tough."

Perception "has a huge impact on the case", said Mr Fletcher, "since this case is all about justification".

Mr Neely was a Michael Jackson impersonator who frequently performed in Times Square.

He had 42 arrests on charges such as evading fares, theft and assaults on three women, according to US media reports.

Mr Neely began experiencing mental health issues after his mother's murder by her boyfriend in 2007, his aunt, Carolyn Neely, told the New York Post last month.

New York Mayor Eric Adams has said Mr Neely's previous offences highlight the need to improve the city's mental health system.

The case has become politically charged with conservatives - including Florida Governor and presidential hopeful Ron DeSantis - praising Mr Penny as a hero.

His detractors, such as US civil rights leader Reverend Al Sharpton, have characterised Mr Penny as a vigilante in the mould of Bernard Goetz, a white man who shot and injured four black men on a New York subway in 1984.

Mr Penny's supporters have raised nearly $3m (£2.37m) for his legal defence.

But Neely family attorney Donte Mills said on Wednesday: "For everyone who thought donating $3 million would somehow make this go away or buy his pass: It's not going to happen. You can ask for a refund."

Last updated on .From the section European Football

Manchester City's long quest to win the Champions League finally ended in triumph against Inter Milan in Istanbul as Pep Guardiola's side completed the Treble.

After winning the Premier League and FA Cup, City emulated Manchester United's triple trophy haul in 1999 as they became only the second English club to achieve the feat after Rodri's crisp 68th-minute strike settled an attritional final.

Guardiola's all-conquering side were never at their best against a brilliantly organised Inter and had to cope with the loss of Kevin de Bruyne to injury in the first half.

But the massed ranks of City fans inside Ataturk Stadium did not care about that as they joyously celebrated the greatest night - and season - in the club's history.

And for Guardiola, it seals his status as one of the managerial greats as he added a third Champions League to the two he won at Barcelona, the last coming in 2011.

This was never the walkover many predicted and City had to survive a few scares when Federico Dimarco's header bounced off the bar and Ederson made a stunning late save to deny Romelu Lukaku but ultimately this was all about the victory.

Now Guardiola and his players can take their place in history.
• None Have your say on Man City's performance here

The Champions League has brought suffering to City and Guardiola - especially when they lost to Premier League rivals Chelsea in the 2021 final - but all the pain disappeared just before midnight on a sultry night in Istanbul.

City survived late anxiety, especially when Inter substitute Lukaku headed straight at Ederson with the goal at his mercy, but there was an explosion of joy on the pitch and in the stands at Ataturk Stadium as they finally secured the giant trophy that has remained so elusively beyond their grasp for so long.

Guardiola said, whether it was fair or not, that his time at Manchester City would be judged on whether he was able to bring the Champions League to the club. Now that judgement can be made.

The Catalan, who won the Champions League with Barcelona in 2009 and 2011, will now be an iconic figure at City as well as Barcelona.
• None 'Hysterical and hated at times' - but Guardiola is the greatest

It is a simple fact that many outside the Abu Dhabi-owned club will always view their triumph through the prism of the charges of 115 financial breaches brought against them by the Premier League, charges they fiercely deny.

For City's owners, with Sheikh Mansour attending only his second game since taking control in 2008, this was the night they have planned for and the one when they finally claimed that holy grail.

This was an evening when only the result mattered to City, not the manner in which their greatest victory was achieved.

This was not a win secured with the dazzling style and creation that is usually their hallmark. In fact for long periods it was a scrappy, sloppy performance in the face of a well-drilled Inter side who were right in this Champions League Final until the whistle went.

None of that will matter now. All that will be recalled forever about this game by City's fans was the moment when Rodri arrived on the end of build-up play from Manuel Akanji and Bernardo Silva to send that precise right-foot finish away from the reach of Inter's outstanding keeper Andre Onana.

And of course the triumphant Champions League trophy lift.

City lived dangerously in the closing minutes and, when it was all over, Guardiola, so agitated in his technical area, was relatively calm as he sought out opposite number Simone Inzaghi for consoling words.

John Stones was once again outstanding for City while keeper Ederson made key contributions when required.

The celebrations at the final whistle reflected a magnificent season as City finally got their hands on the Champions League trophy and prepared to parade it around the streets of Manchester along with the Premier League and FA Cup on Monday.
• None Attempt saved. Robin Gosens (Inter Milan) header from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Federico Dimarco with a cross.
• None Attempt missed. Nicolò Barella (Inter Milan) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner following a set piece situation.
• None Marcelo Brozovic (Inter Milan) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Erling Haaland (Manchester City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Attempt missed. Romelu Lukaku (Inter Milan) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Lautaro Martínez with a headed pass.
• None Attempt saved. Romelu Lukaku (Inter Milan) header from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Robin Gosens with a headed pass. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of Manchester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything City - go straight to all the best content

Robert Woodward (left) and Carl Bernstein (right) spoke to the BBC's Amol Rajan

US reporter Carl Bernstein has warned that artificial intelligence (AI) is a "huge force" which poses challenges for the future of journalism.

Bernstein and his colleague Bob Woodward were the reporters at the heart of the Watergate scandal and the fall of President Nixon in 1972.

AI's rapid take-up has sparked fears of job losses, privacy and the potential to circulate misleading information.

Bernstein said "truth is the bottom line for anything in your life."

In an interview with the BBC's Amol Rajan, Bernstein and Woodward also reflected on the fall of Nixon, the former presidency of Donald Trump and the state of the US and the world today.

Bernstein said: "We need to know what's real as opposed to what's false. The press is the essential element in a community of being able to attain that."

Asked why anyone should become a reporter today, he said to find "the best obtainable version of the truth".

Robert Woodward said political hate had become part of the United States

The Chat GPT programme, which uses AI, has become widely used in the past year and Rajan read them an excerpt that the tool had produced about the two veteran US journalists.

It briefly summarised who they were and said their work "had inspired a new generation of journalists and established a new standard for investigative reporting".

Bernstein said he wasn't enamoured by the extract and described it as "an amalgam of things that have been written about us".

He recognised part of it from a brochure used for the conference they had attended. Despite it being the early stages of artificial intelligence, he said: "AI is a huge force we're going to have to grapple with in this world."

Carl Bernstein described AI as a huge force to be grappled with.

Discussing the limitations of AI, Woodward said: "I can call the Pentagon and say, 'I'd like to talk to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, the top military man', and he's either going to talk or maybe not. AI can't do that."

Amol Rajan interviews Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, the two journalists at the heart of the Watergate scandal, about Nixon, Trump and America today.

Their Watergate story began with the two reporters carrying out traditional journalism, knocking on doors following a burglary, and ended by exposing the wrongdoing of President Nixon.

The pair are revered in US journalism for their award-winning reporting, and their book about Watergate was adapted for the big screen in All the President's Men.

The movie came out in 1976 and starred Robert Redford as Woodward and Dustin Hoffman as Bernstein.

Dustin Hoffman and Robert Redford in All the President's Men

Bernstein drew a parallel between the dramatic events surrounding the resignation of President Nixon and those around the end of President Trump's time in office.

"We never thought we would see it with another president. It happened even more so and even more dangerously with Trump," he said.

This year, Rupert Murdoch's Fox News paid out nearly $800m (£643m) over its reporting of the 2020 presidential election.

Murdoch owns many media outlets, including the Times, the Sun and the Wall Street Journal, as well as Fox News.

Bernstein and Woodward worked at the Washington Post

Asked whether Rupert Murdoch has been a force for good, Bernstein said: "Instead of being remembered for his imagination in terms of what he did with the movie business, with changing television shows like South Park, all of this has been overwhelmed by promoting, encouraging and accepting a culture of untruth that has been the hallmark of his journalism".

"I think in terms of his legacy, it is going to be evil because he has taken untruth and made it his imprimatur."

Woodward has written many books including ones on Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, Donald Trump and the CIA. Carl Bernstein, himself an author of five best-selling books, is a regular voice on US news programmes.

Amol Rajan interviews - Watergate to Trump will be broadcast at 19:00 BST on Thursday 18 May on BBC Two.

A four-day walkout by junior doctors across England straight after the Easter break is putting patients at "greater risk", says Health Secretary Steve Barclay.

More than a quarter of a million appointments and operations could be cancelled in the strike that began this morning.

The British Medical Association is asking for a 35% pay rise.

But the government says that is an unreasonable request.

Mr Barclay accused organisers of timing the strike just after the Bank Holiday Easter weekend - a period when the NHS already faces increased demand and greater staff absence - "to maximise disruption".

The BMA said there were plans to pull doctors off picket lines if lives were in immediate danger. Under trade union laws, life-and-limb cover must be provided.

The junior doctors' approach contrasts with recent strikes by nurses and ambulance workers, which saw unions agree to exempt certain emergency services.

But doctors say they are striking for patient safety as much as about pay, saying that current pay levels are affecting recruitment and leading to many doctors leaving the profession.

Dr Emma Runswick, deputy chairwoman of the BMA, said they are hoping this round of industrial action will be the last - but "we will continue" if the government does not move.

She told BBC One's Breakfast. "This is not a situation where we are fixed in our position. We are looking for negotiations and Steve Barclay isn't even willing to talk to us.

"He hasn't put any offer at all on the table. If we want to start a negotiation there has to be two sides in the discussion."

Mr Barclay said he had hoped to begin formal pay negotiations with the BMA last month but said its demand for a 35% pay rise was unfair and would result in some junior doctors "receiving a pay rise of over £20,000".

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Prof Sir Stephen Powis, NHS England's national medical director, said it would be "the most disruptive industrial action in NHS history".

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme as the walkout began on Tuesday morning, Mr Powis warned it "will take weeks" to recover from the strikes as "services will undoubtedly be affected".

During last month's three-day walkout by junior doctors, more than 175,000 treatments and appointments were cancelled.

But Prof Sir Stephen added the expectation is to see "considerably more" cancellations this time around due to the strike lasting four days. Estimates from other senior NHS figures have suggested between 250,000 and 350,000 appointments and operations could be cancelled.

Mental health services and some GP surgeries are also expected to be impacted, while the NHS said it will prioritise keeping critical care, maternity, neonatal care, and trauma operations running.

Dr Vivek Trivedi, co-chairman of the BMA junior doctors' committee, advised people to still ring 999 if they have a life-threatening illness as "the service is working as normal and we have prioritised emergencies".

Dr Paul Turnbull, 61, from Hampshire, who is an occupational health doctor, needs a prosthetic femur bone implanted in his leg.

His operation has been cancelled twice - once in December, because he developed deep vein thrombosis, and the second time because of the first junior doctors' strike. The operation is now due to take place on 18 April, after the four-day strike.

He has limited mobility and is unable to work.

"As a doctor, I don't believe doctors should strike. I think our first responsibility is to our patients and I think using patients as pawns in a dispute with the government is not something we should be doing."

Neuroscientist Dr Camilla Hill, 42, from Nottingham, has also been affected. She has had two knee operations cancelled because of the junior doctors' strikes - one this week and one back in March. She now has a third date scheduled for 25 April.

She has been unable to do some of her favourite hobbies, which include hiking and sailing, in part because of the pain in her knees.

"I feel really frustrated. It's messed me about, it's messed about my employer, it's messed about my husband - and it's messed about his employer as well. It's not just the patient whose operation is cancelled that's impacted, it's everybody around them."

Junior doctors say their demanding for a 35% increase in pay is to compensate for 15 years of below-inflation wage increases.

But the government has said the pay demand is unrealistic, pointing to the deal other health unions - representing nurses and other workers - have recommended to their members, which includes a 5% pay rise and one-off payment of at least £1,655.

More than 40% of the medical workforce are classed as junior doctors, with two-thirds of them members of the BMA.

The term junior doctors covers those who are fresh out of medical school through to others who have a decade of experience behind them.

Rabiat is in her third year of junior training, working in a hospital in the south east of England.

She is planning on striking this week, saying it is as much about safety as it is pay.

"It's quite a common thing that junior doctors are left alone with wards of patients to look after, with their seniors having gone down to A&E or an acute assessment area, for example.

"We feel really left out and unsupported. Not because our seniors don't want to support us, but because we are all stretched to our limits.

"I really hope that the strikes will make the government realise that this is really having a big impact on junior doctors - and the whole of the NHS - and more actually needs to be done."

Are you a junior doctor with a view on the strike? Are you a patient affected? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

We learned a few new things from today’s evidence.

Graham Smith, the CEO of Republic said his group had brought 600 placards in their van, which explains why they needed trolleys and the straps.

Assistant Commissioner Matt Twist described the straps as “heavy duty material straps with combination locks on.”

So it is possible to imagine why an officer, primed to look out for “lock-on” devices, would think the straps, still in their packaging, might look suspicious. But Smith said he bought them on Amazon, and they were yellow to match the branding of his group.

Twist insisted that the arrests were lawful as his officers had “reasonable grounds” to suspect the offence of “going equipped for locking on”.

But in the end that will be for the courts to decide - if Republic decides to sue the police for wrongful arrest.

It will be for the politicians and the police to work out how to use the new law of “going equipped for locking on” without innocent people spending hours in police cells for carrying things like bike locks without any intention of using them for locking on in a disruptive protest.

Scott Benton has been filmed by undercover reporters appearing to explain how companies and MPs can avoid registering corporate hospitality.

The MP was suspended by the Tory Party after The Times published a video of him offering to lobby for a fake firm.

In a fresh story on the same meeting, he appears to suggest that firms can put falsely low values on tickets they offer for live sports and other events.

Commons rules require MPs to disclose hospitality worth £300 or more.

Mr Benton joked racing tickets he had accepted often came to £295.

The Blackpool South MP, who chairs an all-party group with links to the gambling industry, has declared only one race meeting since he was elected in 2019.

This was a visit to Ascot in 2021 worth £1,400, funded by the Betting and Gaming Council, an industry lobbying group.

Speaking to the undercover reporters, who were posing as investors in the gambling industry, he said: "A lot of companies try to be quite cute about the level of the hospitality to make sure it falls just under [£300], so people don't have to declare it.

"It normally works for the company, and it normally works for MPs as well.

"Without saying too much, you'd be amazed at the number of times I've been to races and the ticket comes to £295," he was filmed saying, and laughing.

The MPs' code of conduct says members must register gifts, benefits or hospitality "with a value of over £300 which they receive from a UK source".

The BBC has not seen the full, unedited video of Mr Benton's meeting with the reporters. He has been approached for fresh comment.

According to the Times - but not in its video posted online - he also told its reporters: "I probably shouldn't say this, but essentially all MPs are looking for is an email chain saying this is how much a ticket cost, so if we get caught out it's like, well the company told me it cost this much.

"And essentially what you [the company] paid for is nobody else's business."

Mr Benton is also said by the paper to have suggested MPs can help companies who give them hospitality.

"Most would, especially if the ask wasn't too onerous, which would be 'Can you try and find out X, Y and Z from members of staff, file a parliamentary question, or submit this question next time oral questions come up in the House of Commons".

This section also does not appear in the video posted online.

Mr Benton was suspended as a Tory MP after referring himself to the parliamentary standards commissioner on Wednesday.

This followed a Times report that he was offered a paid advisory role by the undercover reporters.

He did not pursue the role and no specific rules appear to have been broken, though the code of conduct says MPs should "never undertake any action which would cause significant damage to the reputation and integrity of the House of Commons as a whole, or of its Members generally".

Mr Benton was secretly filmed saying he could table parliamentary questions and leak a confidential policy paper.

Some MPs have declared hospitality under £300 - including Tory backbencher Peter Bone and Labour's shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell.

Mr Benton has not declared any hospitality provided by gambling companies in the past year. He has declared £700 worth of hospitality for the Championship play-off final from the English Football League.

MPs and members of the House of Lords routinely accept gifts and hospitality from companies, individuals, charities and other organisations.

This is not against the rules, provided they declare it in the register of members interests.

The gambling industry is one of the biggest spenders on corporate hospitality at Westminster.

According to BBC analysis, MPs have accepted at least £51,000 from gambling companies over the past year.

In all but one case, this was through donations of tickets and hospitality to events including sports events and concerts. MPs attended concerts by Ed Sheeran and Adele, a Championship playoff match at Wembley, and Cheltenham Races for free.

The donations were declared by 22 Conservative MPs, 13 Labour MPs and one independent.

We're finishing our live coverage of today's strikes, which have brought Hollywood to a grinding halt.

Famous actors have been picketing outside major studios in both Los Angeles and New York City alongside members of the Writers Guild of America.

We've heard from Screen Actors Guild president Fran Drescher, Oscar-winner Susan Sarandon and several other industry members.

It's not immediately clear how long these strikes will last, but the unions have made it known they are prepared to picket for as long as it takes to reach an agreement with the major studios.

This page was edited by Marianna Brady and Brandon Livesay and our writers have been Ali Abbas Ahmadi, Emily Atkinson, Catherine McGowan, Brandon Drenon, Nadine Yousif and Antoinette Radford.

Thanks for joining us.

Alastair Campbell alleges in his evidence information about him and his partner was obtained unlawfully

Alastair Campbell has told the High Court he and his partner were targeted by private investigators working for the publisher of the Daily Mirror.

In his evidence on Tuesday, he accused the newspaper's former editor Piers Morgan of "two-faced conduct".

Tony Blair's former spin doctor was giving evidence in London on Tuesday as part of a trial brought against Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN).

The High Court is hearing "representative" cases brought by the Duke of Sussex and others and concerns stories dating back, in some cases, more than 20 years.

The claimants allege information was gathered via unlawful methods including phone hacking, securing information through deception, and journalists using private investigators to trick others into handing over confidential information about the targets.

The claimants believe their private and confidential information was obtained by journalists from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and The People newspapers.

Prior to 1994, Mr Campbell had been a journalist for the Daily Mirror and Sunday Mirror.

In a written witness statement, he said he had been shown three documents by the claimants' legal team, dating from when he was chief press secretary in Downing Street, a role he held between 1997 and 2000.

Two of the documents were from invoices by private investigation firm Southern Investigations, both addressed to then-Daily Mirror investigations editor Gary Jones, and the third was a confidential hand-written note which contained numbers for financial accounts held by Mr Campbell and his partner Fiona Millar, he said.

In his statement he said the "fact that MGN unlawfully obtained such private and personal financial information" about himself and his partner was "extremely troubling".

"The fact that they did not publish the information they obtained in no way minimises this view," he said.

Mr Campbell said he believed the inquiries into his affairs related to a story involving the finances of Labour grandee Peter Mandelson, published on Christmas Eve in 1998.

He said he had also seen documents which indicated that a "blagger" sent Lord Mandelson's private banking and mortgage details to Southern Investigations, who sent them on to Gary Jones, now editor of the Daily Express, on December 23 of that year.

"As a result, I believe that the Daily Mirror decided, at the time of the Mandelson story, to fish into my bank and mortgage affairs in the hope that they too would reveal something they considered newsworthy," he said.

In his witness statement, he said he believed Mr Morgan was aware of such conduct.

"I have read the section of Piers Morgan's memoirs, The Insider, dealing with late December 1998 and I can now see that Mr Morgan does not set out truthfully how he obtained the information on Mr Mandelson," he said.

He said that Mr Morgan purported "to be a real ally of the prime minister and the Labour government, while all the time he and his senior team were using illegal means to find stories designed to destabilise that government".

Mr Campbell said this "compounds the anger I feel about this", as did "the fact that this conduct has been emphatically denied, by Mr Morgan and his colleagues, for so long".

"Fiona and I are shocked and, frankly, appalled at this intrusion into our privacy by the Daily Mirror," the statement said.

"I find it very hard to believe that any editor, especially one as hands-on as Mr Morgan, would not have known and demanded to know where the big stories were coming from.

"Nor do I believe that people in senior positions in government with access to highly sensitive information and with obvious security concerns would have been targeted in this way without the editor knowing and sanctioning such methods."

Ava-May Littleboy was with family in Gorleston-on-Sea when the tragedy happened

The owner of a beach inflatable has admitted breaching health and safety regulations following the death of a three-year-old girl in 2018.

Ava-May Littleboy was thrown in the air when the inflatable trampoline exploded at Gorleston-on-Sea in Norfolk.

Curt Johnson and his company Johnsons Funfair Ltd both indicated guilty pleas to two counts of breaching health and safety laws at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court in Essex.

"The events of 1 July 2018 had, and continue to have, a devastating effect on the parents of Ava-May Littleboy and on the wider close-knit family," said a spokesperson for Great Yarmouth Borough Council (GYBC), which prosecuted the case alongside the Health and Safety Executive (HSE).

"GYBC and HSE again extend their sympathies and condolences to all of the family of Ava-May Littleboy."

The three-year-old was thrown into the air when the inflatable trampoline exploded

Ava-May, from Lower Somersham in Suffolk, was with family at the beach when she was taken on the trampoline.

Witnesses described her being thrown "higher than a house" when the inflatable burst and that she appeared to be unconscious before she hit the ground.

One other child, aged nine, was on the inflatable but did not sustain "significant physical injury", GYBC said.

Ava-May Littleboy's parents previously described her as a "bright, funny, beautiful girl"

An inquest jury in March 2020 concluded no procedure was in place to safely manage its inflation, that it had not been checked by an independent third party and had no instruction manual.

Parents Nathan Rowe and Chloe Littleboy described a "bright, funny, beautiful girl" and said they hoped "people see the serious risks these attractions can pose".

Johnson was operations manager of the company at the time, which traded under the name Bounceabout, and the trampoline was imported from its Chinese manufacturer in 2017.

Johnson and Johnsons Funfair Ltd did not obtain safety instructions for the inflatable, did not prepare a specific risk assessment and the trampoline was not certified by the ADIPS scheme - GYBC said.

The two defendants pleaded guilty to two counts of breaching the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974.

The pair will be sentenced pending a two-day Newton hearing due to take place at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on 9 November.

Ava-May's parents said they hoped hoped "people see the serious risks these attractions can pose"

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Troops stand guard at the morgue where the Americans' bodies were taken

Reports from the Mexican border city of Matamoros say a splinter group of the Gulf Cartel, called the Scorpions Group, has apologised for kidnapping four US citizens last week, killing two of them, and has turned over the men it says are responsible.

On their front pages, many of Mexico's newspapers published a photograph that appears to show five men lying face down on the ground, their hands tied, and their T-shirts pulled up above their heads. It was apparently taken as police arrived on the scene.

A letter from the Scorpions Group was allegedly left with the men which apologised to the people of Matamoros, to the US victims and their families, and to a Mexican woman killed last week when the gang fired on a white minivan the Americans were travelling in.

The Associated Press says it has obtained a copy of the letter from a law enforcement official in the state of Tamaulipas.

"We have decided to turn over those who were directly involved and responsible for the events", the letter reads, saying the five had "acted under their own decision-making and lack of discipline". The letter also accuses the men of breaking the cartel's rules over "protecting the lives of the innocent".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Video shows the moment four Americans were kidnapped in Mexico

Meanwhile, a health clinic in Matamoros where the cartel members allegedly took the injured US citizens for treatment has been cordoned off by police. Reports suggest the four Americans were taken there by the gang but the two with the worst injuries - Shaeed Woodard and Zindell Brown - died soon after.

Reuters news agency reported that Mexican officials had given the bodies of the two dead men to US officials in Matamoros on Thursday afternoon, and their remains were repatriated.

The latest developments come as some doubts have been cast in Mexico on the initial version of events. The group were said to have travelled to Matamoros for one of them, Latavia McGee, to undergo a cosmetic medical procedure at a clinic in the city. Her three friends were said to have accompanied her to the appointment.

The international border crossing between Texas and Matamoros

However, the Reuters news agency has reported that three of the four Americans had convictions for mainly minor drug-related offences - but one was charged with manufacturing banned narcotics with the intent to distribute.

Reuters says it's seen an internal law enforcement document which shows the Mexican authorities are investigating the possibility the four Americans were kidnapped having been mistaken for rival cartel members encroaching on their turf.

The wooden shack where the Americans were discovered

The question over the Americans' backstory comes as the political temperature over the incident in Matamoros continues to rise. In the United States, several Republican politicians, among them the Senator for South Carolina, Lindsey Graham, have called for the use of US military force against Mexico's drug cartels.

Specifically, he's proposing a plan to designate Mexican drug cartels as "Foreign Terrorist Organisations" in order to, as he put it, "unleash the fury and might of the United States against (them)".

One suspected kidnapper was arrested earlier this week

That rhetoric prompted a furious response in Mexico from President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador who said "Mexico was not a protectorate or a colony of the United States". His sentiments were echoed by the Foreign Minister, Marcelo Ebrard, who called Senator Graham's proposal for military intervention "unacceptable".

Amid the tense relations, the US Homeland Security Advisor, Liz Sherwood-Randall, is in Mexico for a meeting with President Lopez Obrador to discuss the worsening crisis over fentanyl and synthetic opioids in the US.

The Coronation of King Charles III and Queen Camilla at Westminster Abbey was attended by royals from around the world, international leaders, famous faces, faith leaders, charity representatives and local heroes.

Here's a look at who was there - and who got the front row seats.

Members of the Royal Family were front and centre at the ceremony, many in full regalia, like the Prince and Princess of Wales. They were joined by their children Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, sitting on the front row of Westminster Abbey.

Catherine and Charlotte wore similar Alexander McQueen dresses, with Jess Collett x Alexander McQueen headpieces created with silver bullion, crystal and silver thread.

William spoke to his two younger children, Louis and Charlotte, as they arrived at the abbey

Princess Charlotte held her brother Louis' hand as they prepared to take their seats

Meanwhile, older brother George was taking his position as a page of honour

Their eldest child Prince George is one of the King's pages of honour and walked behind his grandfather as he entered the abbey, helping with his robes.

Prince Harry flew in from California for the ceremony, but his wife Meghan did not attend

The Duke of Sussex attended, sitting alongside his cousins Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. His wife Meghan is staying at their California home with their children Lilibet and Archie - who turns four today.

Prince Andrew arrived by car with his daughter, Princess Eugenie

Princess Beatrice attended with her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, and was seated near her cousin, Prince Harry

Zara Tindall, her husband Mike, and her brother Peter Phillips were all smiles ahead of the service

Representing the US was First Lady Jill Biden, accompanied by granddaughter Finnegan - the pair were wearing complementary blue and yellow outfits, the colours of the Ukrainian flag.

US First Lady Jill Biden with her granddaughter

Their compatriots at the service included singer Katy Perry, who will be performing at the Coronation concert on Sunday.

Wearing a lilac skirt suit and an eye-catching flying saucer-style hat, she was accompanied by British Vogue editor-in-chief Edward Enninful as she walked to Westminster Abbey.

Adam Hills, host of the Last Leg, took a photograph of himself with Katy Perry

She was later seen taking a photograph with Australian comedian Adam Hills, host of The Last Leg.

While Lionel Richie was seen with London Mayor Sadiq Khan

Also performing at the concert will be Lionel Richie, who said hello to Mayor of London Sadiq Khan as people took their seats in the Abbey.

Richie was invited because of his links to the Prince's Trust charity, set up by the King in 1976. Presenters Ant and Dec were also there in their role as goodwill ambassadors for the charity, which supports young people.

They were seen posing for a selfie inside the Abbey. Dame Joanna Lumley, a friend of the King and Queen Camilla, was also happy to strike a pose for a photograph as she waited to enter the building.

As did Dame Joanna Lumley, a close friend of the King and Camilla

And fellow actress Dame Emma Thompson looked excited by the occasion - or maybe it was the distinctly British weather (rain, and lots of it) that was causing her expression.

Laura Lopes, daughter of the queen, and her brother, Tom Parker Bowles, were among the guests

And James Middleton and Pippa Matthews, the Princess of Wales' brother and sister, attended alongside their parents

Queen Camilla's children, Laura Lopes and Tom Parker Bowles, were at the service with their children. Their father, Camilla's ex-husband Andrew Parker Bowles, was also among the guests.

The Middleton family - Catherine's parents Carole and Michael, and her siblings James and Pippa - sat a few rows behind the Prince and Princess of Wales.

MP Penny Mordaunt drew attention - with her bold teal and gold outfit, and carrying a heavy sword for much of the ceremony

Conservative MP Penny Mordaunt took a prominent role, in her position as Lord President of the Privy Council - she presented the jewelled sword of offering to the King.

The sword, made for George IV's coronation, was exchanged for a bag of 100 newly-minted 50p coins bearing the King's profile, as part of an ancient custom.

Singer Nick Cave, who has lived in England for many years, was part of the Australian delegation

Fellow singer Joan Armatrading speaking to a guest at the abbey

Australian singer Nick Cave said beforehand that he would go to the Coronation for "the stupefying spectacular, the awe inspiring".

UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and his wife Akshata Murty, who wore pale blue

Blue was also the colour of choice for Carrie Johnson, attending with former prime minister Boris Johnson

In total, there were seven former UK prime ministers present, including Sir John Major and Sir Tony Blair

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak was joined by wife Akshata Murty, with former prime ministers also in attendance - including Boris Johnson, accompanied by wife Carrie. Sir John Major, whose wife Norma was absent, was seen chatting to Sir Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.

There are seven living former UK prime ministers for the first time, and all attended the service.

Dame Floella Benjamin - a former children's TV presenter - carried the Sovereign's Sceptre at the service

Dame Floella Benjamin took part in the coronation procession on Saturday.

While Andrew Lloyd Webber, seen with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer

Other guests from the world of politics include Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, pictured with Andrew Lloyd Webber, who composed a coronation anthem for the King.

Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene of Monaco were among the foreign royals

King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain, King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium were there

King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck and Queen Jetsun Pema of Bhutan arriving at Westminster Abbey

Foreign royals in attendance include Prince Albert and Princess Charlene of Monaco, as well as King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck and Queen Jetsun Pema of Bhutan, whose outfits brought a pop of colour to the distinctly grey day.

King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain, and King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, were seen entering the abbey together, colour coordinated in pink.

Foreign leaders present included Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, with his wife Sophie, and French President Emmanuel Macron, with his wife Brigitte.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A man pushed a Just Stop Oil protester to the ground during a slow-walk protest in a road in London.

In a video clip posted at about 09:00 BST, he can be seen walking up behind the group in the middle of Mansell Street and snatching banners from them.

He also smacked a phone out of a protester's hands and shoved several other climate activists in the group of about a dozen people.

A spokesperson for the Met Police said it happened before officers arrived.

Just Stop Oil also held another traffic-blocking walk nearby, from Queen Victoria Street to Fleet Street, in the City of London.

It has been holding daily slow-march protests on roads since 24 April, sparking public anger at disruption to drivers. Similar traffic-blocking tactics have long been a source of frustration to motorists held up by activists.

The man smacked a phone out of a protester's hands

A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "The Met and City of London Police are aware of an incident in which a member of the public appears to have remonstrated with Just Stop Oil protesters this morning, 19 May, in the City of London, before the arrival of police.

"At this stage, we are not aware that any allegations have been made in regard to this matter. We completely understand the frustration and anger of London's communities when protesters walk slowly in the roads.

"We urge people not to intervene and to wait for the arrival of police, who will attend the scene promptly."

A spokesperson for Just Stop Oil said: "We understand how frustrating it can be to be disrupted, however, as of this morning, 13 people are dead and 13,000 people have had to be evacuated from their homes in Italy, due to six months' worth of rain falling in a day and a half.

"The disruption we are seeing on British streets is nothing compared to the disruption wrought if we do not stop licensing new oil, gas and coal."

Just Stop Oil is calling for an end to all new oil, gas and coal projects in the UK and says its protests will continue indefinitely.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died in the collision

There is a great deal of public distress over the police handling of a car crash in which three people died, a Plaid Cymru politician has said.

The three were found in a car which had come off a major road early on Saturday morning. They had been reported missing almost two days earlier.

Senedd member Peredur Owen Griffiths said the "disquiet" from families of the victims cannot be ignored.

He said police prioritisation processes for missing persons needed to improve.

Two other people in the crash, who were also reported missing, were taken to hospital critically injured.

Police have previously said they cannot comment while an investigation is pending.

The South Wales and Gwent police forces were asked for a response to the Senedd proceedings.

Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died in the collision after the crash on the A48 after a night out in Newport.

Ms Russon's mother Anna Certowicz has said police "didn't seem to think it was worth investigating", when the five people were reported missing.

Raising the matter in the Welsh Parliament on Wednesday, the South Wales East Member of the Senedd said: "There's been a great deal of public distress following the crash".

"You cannot ignore the public disquiet from the families and the friends of the crash victims", he added.

He quoted comments on BBC Wales by Winston Roddick, the former Police and Crime Commissioner for North Wales, on the police response.

Mr Roddick had said he was surprised about the lack of action by police, given reports that the phones and social media of the people involved had been inactive between their disappearance until they were found.

Mr Griffiths asked what input the Welsh government could have into improving police prioritising processes for missing persons to "ensure incidents like this can be avoided in the future".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21 and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died after the crash

Social Justice Minister Jane Hutt said both Gwent and South Wales Police had referred themselves to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, who would "look at exactly what happened".

"We just have to recognise that extraordinary public grief that was expressed in the vigil for victims that took place at the site of the crash last night," she said.

Describing the crash as a "devastating tragedy", she said: "My thoughts remain with the families and the friends of the young people involved in the crash on the A48.

"This will be an extraordinarily difficult time for all affected by this terrible incident."

Senedd Presiding Officer Elin Jones said she remembered watching Rafel Jeanne in the same team as her nephew in primary school.

He was "such a young fast talent on the rugby field", she said.

"And on behalf of us all in the centre of our sympathies are with the friends and families of Eve, Darcy and Rafel, and our hopes are with Sophie and Shane for a full recovery," she said.

Parents should face child benefit cuts if they fail to ensure their children turn up at school, cabinet minster Michael Gove has suggested.

Speaking at a think tank, the levelling up secretary said the idea could help restore an "ethic of responsibility".

Mr Gove - who first proposed the idea in 2014 - said it would help tackle anti-social behaviour.

Downing Street said parents could already be fined for children missing school.

The idea of cutting benefits for parents of truants was first suggested by Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2002, but it was dropped in favour of the current fines system.

Michael Gove resurrected the idea when he was education secretary under Prime Minister David Cameron but it was never implemented.

Speaking at an event held by Onward, a centre-right think tank, Mr Gove said: "Particularly after Covid, we need to get back to an absolute rigorous focus on school attendance.

"One idea that we considered in the coalition years - but which the Liberal Democrats blocked - I think needs to be reconsidered again, is linking parental responsibility for attendance and good behaviour to the state.

"One of the ideas that we floated in the coalition years - which as I say, the Liberal Democrats rejected - was the idea that if children were persistently absent, that child benefit should be stopped.

"I think what we do need to do is think radically about restoring an ethic of responsibility," he added.

Currently, parents whose children miss school in England can be issued with £60 fines, which rise to £120 if they are not paid within 21 days. They are normally issued by local councils.

They can also be ordered to attend parenting classes, or have a supervisor appointed to help them get their child into the classroom.

The use of fines dropped off during the pandemic due to an increase in home learning, but BBC research last year suggested they had started to pick up again.

Last year, the government set out plans to introduce new national guidelines in England on the issuing of fines, and make schools draw up their own attendance policies.

The measures were later incorporated into the Schools Bill - however this legislation was dropped in December after it hit hurdles in Parliament.

The NAHT, a union representing school leaders, condemned Mr Gove's suggestion, adding that it was "likely to be counter-productive".

"It is very hard to see how consigning children to poverty and starvation will improve their school attendance," general secretary Paul Whiteman added.

"Persistent absence can only be successfully tackled by offering help, not punishment."

Liberal Democrat education spokesperson Munira Wilson said: "If Michael Gove thinks that the solution to encourage children back to school is to impoverish them, then he is living in a different century".

The prime minister's official spokesperson said there were no plans to change the existing system.

Gary Prado Salmón in 2007 - he wrote a book about the capture of Che Guevara

The Bolivian general who captured the Cuban revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara and became a national hero has died aged 84.

In 1967 Gary Prado Salmón led a military operation in Bolivia, backed by US secret service agents, that defeated a communist insurrection organised by Che Guevara.

At the time Bolivia had a right-wing military government.

An army officer executed Argentina-born Guevara a day after his arrest.

The Cold War between the US and Soviet Union was at its height and Washington was extremely concerned about communist influence in Latin America, including Che Guevara's activities.

He had left Cuba after the triumph of the 1959 revolution there, to lead guerrilla movements in other countries. He was a key ally of Cuban communist leader Fidel Castro and became a hero for communists worldwide.

Gen Prado's son described his father as "an extraordinary person", who left "a legacy of love, integrity and courage".

Che Guevara pictured in Cuba in 1965 - he was industry minister at the time

The Bolivian officer who shot and killed Che Guevara was Mario Terán, who died last year.

After ambushing Guevara's guerrilla group Gen Prado was made a national hero for having defended the Bolivian military regime.

He had led US-trained Bolivian Rangers in a remote jungle region where Che Guevara's group, originally numbering about 120, had declined to just 22.

Since 1981 Gen Prado had been a wheelchair user, after a bullet fired accidentally hit him in the spine. He wrote a book about his 1967 triumph, called How I Captured Che.

According to his son, "for him capturing Che was not the most important thing he did in his life - rather, it was to contribute to making the armed forces a democratic institution that would respect the constitution and laws".

Che Guevara was executed in the Bolivian village of La Higuera, 830km (516 miles) south of La Paz, and his body was buried in a secret location. In 1997 his remains were discovered, exhumed and returned to Cuba, where he was reburied.

Janet Yellen is the second senior Washington official to visit Beijing in as many months

US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has called on China to work with Washington to fight the "existential threat" of climate change.

Speaking on Saturday, she said the two countries - the largest greenhouse gas emitters - had a joint responsibility to lead the way on climate action.

She called on China to support the US-led Green Climate Fund.

Ms Yellen is on a four-day trip to Beijing in an attempt to boost relations between the two countries.

Chinese Vice Premier He Lifeng, who was among those to meet with Ms Yellen, said he regretted "unexpected incidents", such as the row over a spy balloon, had hurt ties with the United States.

There has been no formal co-operation between China and the US on climate change since the administration of former President Donald Trump.

And China briefly suspended climate talks entirely with the US last year after senior Democrat Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan, which is self-ruled but Beijing sees as a breakaway province it will eventually unite with.

But in a sign that co-operation could soon resume, Ms Yellen called on China to work together with the US to fight climate change and mitigate the effects on poorer countries.

During the roundtable meeting in Beijing with finance experts, she called on China to support US-led institutions like the Green Climate Fund, which was set up to help developing nations adapt to climate change and lessen its effects.

"As the world's two largest emitters of greenhouse gases and the largest investors in renewable energy, we have both a joint responsibility - and ability - to lead the way," she said.

China is now the world's biggest investor in solar energy, and biggest producer of solar panels and wind turbines but saw its carbon dioxide emissions rise 4% in the first quarter of this year compared to 2022.

The US, meanwhile, has invested billions of dollars in recent years into initiatives aimed at tackling climate change but also saw its emissions rise slightly last year, according to the International Energy Agency.

While Ms Yellen wants China to join the US in funding the worldwide transition to renewables, the sticking point is China's insistence that it is still a developing country.

Beijing says it is up to the US and Europe to pay for the energy transition, because they have historically created most of the emissions.

Ms Yellen is the second senior Washington official to visit Beijing in the last two months. Her presence there is aimed at easing tensions and restoring ties between the world's two superpowers.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Beijing last month, making him the highest-ranking Washington official to visit the Chinese capital in almost half a decade. He met President Xi Jinping and foreign minister Qin Gang.

At the end of his trip, Mr Blinken said that while there were still major issues between the two countries, he hoped they would have "better communications, better engagement going forward."

However, the next day President Joe Biden referred to Mr Xi as a "dictator" - triggering outrage from Beijing.

In another sign the trade dispute between the two countries is far from being resolved, China this week announced it was tightening controls over exports of two materials crucial to producing computer chips.

From next month, special licences will be needed to export gallium and germanium from China, which is the world's biggest producer of the metals.

Drivers pay a toll charge to use the Dartford Crossing between Kent and Essex

Motorists crossing the Thames between Kent and Essex are still struggling to pay for their journeys following the introduction of a new system.

Customers say they cannot access the website or have been placed in an online queue to pay their charge.

Those who used the crossing over the weekend had been told to pay by Tuesday or face a fine.

However, National Highways said it would be extending its payment deadline but did not specify until when.

A spokesperson said: "The Dart Charge contact centre and website is currently experiencing exceptionally high demand after the system improvements made over the weekend."

"To help ease pressure we have placed people in a queue, which will mean a short delay in accessing the website and our call centre advisors," they added.

The statement thanked motorists for their patience as they waited to pay.

One driver told the BBC he crossed the bridge for the first time on Saturday.

He said he had waited in an online queue for three hours on Sunday evening and was still unable to process the payment.

A post on Dart Charge's Twitter page said its website was "currently at capacity" and therefore people were struggling to access it, as well as call centre advisors.

The post has so far received more than 200 responses from customers, with many calling for the charges to be waived.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Dart Charge This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

On 17 July, an email to those registered for automatic payments at the Dartford Crossing said the new system would come into force on Friday 28 July.

It instructed motorists that they needed to update their payment card from 28 July or they could be liable for a non-payment fine if they made the crossing.

Helen Watkinson, head of road user charging at National Highways, told BBC Radio Kent the date from which customers could validate their card details had changed since the emails went out to customers.

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Boris Johnson has been referred to police by the Cabinet Office over further potential rule breaches during the Covid pandemic.

The department said it made the referral after a review of documents ahead of the Covid public inquiry.

A spokesperson for the former PM dismissed claims of any breaches as a "politically motivated stitch-up".

Both the Metropolitan and Thames Valley Police say they are assessing the information received.

The Cabinet Office said officials had been obliged to disclose the documents to the police under civil service rules.

The Times, which first reported the story, says Mr Johnson has been referred to Thames Valley police because his ministerial diary revealed visits by family and friends to Chequers - the prime minister's country house in Buckinghamshire - during the pandemic.

Thames Valley Police said it had "received a report of potential breaches of the Health Protection Regulations between June 2020 and May 2021 at Chequers, Buckinghamshire".

The Met Police released a similar statement but said their information related to potential breaches in Downing Street.

It is understood Mr Johnson has had no contact from the police.

The spokesman for the former prime minister said it was "totally untrue" that there had been further Covid rule breaches.

"The events in question were all within the rules either because they were held outdoors or came within another lawful exception. They include regular meetings with civil servants and advisers.

"It appears some within government have decided to make unfounded suggestions both to the police and to the Privileges Committee - many will conclude that this has all the hallmarks of yet another politically motivated stitch-up."

The spokesman said Mr Johnson's lawyers had written to the Cabinet Office, as well as the Commons Privileges Committee, "explaining that the events were lawful and were not breaches of any Covid regulations".

The seven-member committee of MPs has been investigating whether Mr Johnson misled Parliament over Covid rule-breaking events in government buildings.

In a statement, the committee said it had received additional evidence from the government last week and asked Mr Johnson for a response, both of which it would now take into account during its probe.

If the committee concludes Mr Johnson deliberately misled MPs over the events, he could potentially face a suspension from Parliament, which in turn could lead to a by-election in his Uxbridge and South Ruislip constituency.

Mr Johnson's spokesman also said it was "bizarre and unacceptable" that "no contact was made with Mr Johnson before these incorrect allegations were made both to the police and to the Privileges Committee". The Cabinet Office has denied the suggestion Mr Johnson was not given prior notice.

The Cabinet Office said the material it had passed to police came from the "normal" process of reviewing documents to be submitted to the public inquiry into the government's handling of the pandemic.

"In-line with obligations in the Civil Service Code, this material has been passed to the relevant authorities and it is now a matter for them."

The BBC has been told the matter was not considered by ministers or the cabinet secretary, who heads the civil service.

The public inquiry, which is separate to the privileges committee probe, will begin hearings next month.

Both Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak were fined for attending a birthday party in Downing Street

Responding to the announcement, Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner said: "These new allegations are for the police to examine but the government must explain who else knew at the time and why this has only now come to light."

Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper, said Mr Johnson "should finally do one decent thing and consider his position as an MP".

Lindsay Jackson, spokesperson for Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice, said Mr Johnson was "totally unfit for any form of public service, never mind being the prime minister".

But, speaking on his GB News programme, Conservative MP and former minister Jacob Rees-Mogg defended Mr Johnson, saying: "The latest stories are just another example of how those who don't like Boris, mainly because of Brexit, are always looking for something to have a go at him on."

Mr Johnson resigned as prime minister last July, in part due to public anger over revelations he broke Covid lockdown rules.

In April 2021 he received a fine from the police for breaking lockdown rules after attending a gathering on his birthday in June 2020.

And, in May 2022, a report by then-senior civil servant Sue Gray set out a series of social events held by staff in Downing Street which broke the rules.

Supermarket executives have denied making too much money from soaring prices, telling MPs the industry is the "most competitive we have ever been".

Bosses from Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda and Morrisons were grilled over high food and fuel prices.

The supermarkets rejected claims of making excess profits and said they were shielding customers from the full impact of rising costs.

The competition watchdog is looking into the level of food and fuel prices.

It is examining whether not enough competition has meant customers are overpaying.

Supermarket executives were quizzed by MPs on the Business and Trade Committee on Tuesday on why food prices were still rising, despite some wholesale costs falling.

Food prices rose by 14.6% in the year to June, according to the British Retail Consortium (BRC), which represents supermarkets. That was down from 15.4% in the year to May, but it does not mean prices are falling, just that they are rising at a slower pace.

Higher grocery prices remain a key reason why the overall rate of inflation in the UK remains stubbornly high.

Chairman Darren Jones said that all four supermarkets, with the exception of Morrisons, had made increased profits compared to before the Covid pandemic.

Mr Jones said he had heard of Asda employees recently "having to go to the food bank to collect donations of food they had stacked in their own supermarket because they cannot make ends meet".

But the supermarkets said they all paid the National Living Wage or above and argued they were doing all they could to protect customers from higher costs resulting from increased energy, labour and commodity prices.

Jane Hunt, a Conservative MP, asked executives if they were "in fact a cartel" and were colluding to set prices.

In response, Kris Comerford, chief commercial officer for Asda, said UK retail was "the most competitive market", a sentiment echoed by executives from Sainsbury's and Tesco.

All four supermarket bosses said they did not support a price cap on essential foods, an idea which had been considered by the government, but was never formally proposed.

Politicians, trades unionists and the governor of the Bank of England have all questioned why supermarket prices have not fallen as rapidly as the wholesale cost of ingredients such as wheat.

Some have suggested that retailers might be failing to pass on savings and are banking the profit instead.

Supermarkets have previously said they have cut prices when possible and added that falls in wholesale costs take time, typically three to nine months, to filter through to the shelves.

Helen Dickinson, head of the BRC, said the trade body expected food inflation to drop "to single digits later this year".

Most of the big chains have recently introduced price cuts to staples, with Sainsbury's on Monday the latest to announce it was investing £15m to reduce the cost of basics such as rice, pasta and chicken.

However, some items such as milk and eggs remain relatively expensive compared to pre-Covid prices.

Jamie Keeble, co-founder of sausage and burger maker Heck which supplies most of the major supermarkets, told the BBC's Today programme that the price of pork was expected to remain high for the next 18 months.

He said the only way supermarkets could lower their prices was by asking suppliers to cut costs, but he added: "We're certainly not in the position to start giving cost decreases on our products.

"At the end of the day, [the supermarkets] are going to have to take a cut in their margins if they really want to lower the prices on the shelf, that's the only way to do it."

Separately, all four supermarket executives backed calls for more transparency on fuel prices, after MPs highlighted that prices for petrol and diesel were lower in Northern Ireland as a result of data being shared widely with drivers.

A study by academics at the London School of Economics last month found nearly a third of food price inflation since 2019 was due to Brexit.

How is the price of food changing your diet? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

Offensive messages were found on the phone of former Gwent Police officer Ricky Jones, who took his own life in 2020

Six serving and three former Gwent Police officers are being investigated for allegedly sharing offensive messages.

A police watchdog investigation was launched after offensive messages were found on the phone of retired police officer Ricky Jones, who took his own life in 2020.

The messages were discovered by Mr Jones' family.

Gwent Police said inappropriate behaviour had no place in the force.

Mr Jones's daughter Emma - not her real name - said her family was "saddened and disappointed" action was not taken until the press became involved.

She said the IOPC's update showed her father's character was reflected in the company he kept.

"We believe that Gwent Police officers were biased against us as a family during their investigation for my father's inquest," she said.

"The update also highlights one of the many reasons why victims of police domestic abusers are unable to report their abusers to the police. These officers under investigation are the police."

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) inquiry was launched following a Sunday Times investigation into a phone owned by Mr Jones.

The newspaper said that racist images, pornographic videos and sensitive information about misconduct and corruption investigations were among the material exchanged between Mr Jones and former colleagues.

In a statement on Wednesday, the IOPC said three serving and two former officers had been served with misconduct notices in relation to the messages found on Mr Jones' phone.

A further four officers - one of whom has retired - were identified as being involved in a WhatsApp group where messages were shared. They are being investigated over claims that they failed to challenge or report inappropriate messages sent by colleagues.

The IOPC said a further two serving officers are under criminal investigation for allegedly unauthorised disclosure of police information to Mr Jones after he had left the force. They had been served with gross misconduct notices but are not being investigated over the phone messages.

Gwent Police said inappropriate behaviour had no place in the force

Misconduct notices advise officers that they are being investigated but charges will not necessarily follow, the watchdog said.

David Ford, the director of the IOPC, said the officers being investigated ranged from police constable to inspecting ranks.

He said the watchdog was also examining when Gwent Police became aware of Ricky Jones' family's concerns about the messages and what steps the force took to explore them.

"We will progress the investigation as swiftly as possible, but given the number of officers and the non-recent nature of the alleged conduct, inquiries will take some time," Mr Ford said.

A separate Wiltshire Police investigation is ongoing into a series of complaints from the family of Mr Jones, relating to Gwent Police's handling of its investigation into his death and officers' contact with his relatives.

Gwent Police's Deputy Chief Constable Rachel Williams said: "We are grateful to the IOPC for the pace at which they are conducting this investigation.

"It is important that these matters receive a full and thorough investigation in a timely way, and we will continue to work with both the IOPC and Wiltshire Police to support this.

"We are absolutely clear with both our colleagues and communities that inappropriate behaviour has no place in this force and we remain resolute in our commitment to root out such behaviours.

"I hope that the speed and scale of this investigation will give the public confidence around the commitment in policing to tackle unacceptable behaviours."

The murals adorned the walls of the Kent Intake Unit

Murals of Mickey Mouse and other cartoon characters designed to welcome child asylum seekers to a reception centre in Dover have been painted over, by order of the immigration minister.

Robert Jenrick instructed that they be removed, reportedly because he believed they sent too welcoming a message.

The Home Office said the Kent Intake Unit (KIU) opened last November to look after unaccompanied child migrants.

Facilities included softer interview rooms and an outside space, it added.

There were also prayer rooms, a larger reception area and improved security measures to ensure children's safety, the Home Office said.

A spokesperson confirmed the murals were removed on Tuesday, adding: "We do all we can to ensure children are safe, secure and supported as we urgently seek placements with a local authority.

"All children receive a welfare interview on their arrival at accommodation, which includes questions designed to identify potential indicators of trafficking or safeguarding issues.

"Our priority is to stop the boats and disrupt the people smugglers."

Labour's shadow immigration minister Stephen Kinnock condemned Mr Jenrick's order, saying the idea that removing the murals would "somehow stop the boats is utterly absurd".

He said it was a sign of a "chaotic government in crisis, whose failing approach means all they have left is tough talk and cruel and callous policies".

Labour had a plan to "end the dangerous crossings, defeat the criminal smuggler gangs, and end hotel use by clearing the asylum backlog," he added.

The i newspaper, which was first to report the story, quoted sources as saying staff at the centre were "horrified" by Mr Jenrick's order and resisted carrying out the work.

A report published last month by His Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons after visits to KIU, and the nearby processing centres at Manston and Western Jet Foil, found there had been improvements in facilities since previous inspections.

But continuing problems, including medical isolation practices at KIU. The report concluded: "Inspectors found no examples of notable positive practice during this inspection" at KIU.

The Home Office said it had taken action to address some of the recommendations.

Shane Loughlin, Eve Smith, Sophie Russon, Rafel Jeanne and Darcy Ross (clockwise from top left) had been reported missing

Police searching for five people have found three dead and two injured two days after they went missing following a night out.

Gwent Police said it believed the group had been involved in a car crash.

Sophie Russon, 20, Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Shane Loughlin, 32, were last seen at about 02:00 GMT on Saturday in Cardiff.

The family of Ms Smith have named her on social media as being one of those who has died.

Family and friends made repeated appeals to find the missing group over the course of the weekend, with the mother of one of the girls saying she had been told to stop contacting police for updates.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The road is a major route into Cardiff

The car the group were last seen in was found by a member of the public early on Monday on the A48 in St Mellons.

The road is a major route into Cardiff and the car was found near a busy roundabout close to a garden centre.

The family of Eve Smith have confirmed her death on social media

Ms Russon is one of the two in hospital and is in a critical condition, her cousin said, while the other two who have died are yet to be identified by police or family members.

A long police cordon marked out the crash scene at what would normally be a busy stretch of dual carriageway, connecting Cardiff and Newport.

Just below the slipway, down a small bank is a wooded area where the car was discovered. Officers have been working there, hidden from view by the trees, recovering the bodies and investigating the scene.

One resident said the area was hard to reach on foot and was in an area where "no one walks".

The car was removed on a truck just before 13:00, with the vehicle covered over by police and the road reopened an hour later.

Police will be trying to establish exactly when the car crashed there following the last sighting of the group, and why it took until the early hours of Monday for it to be discovered.

Near the scene, people have laid flowers.

People have been laying floral tributes near the scene in St Mellons

A woman who lives nearby said many people felt shocked after waking up to hear about the tragedy.

Jo Warner, who lives near the crash site, said walking past the scene made it feel horribly real.

She added: "What they've been through, you can't bear thinking about it can you? I wouldn't like to surmise what happened but it's just heart-breaking.

"It could have been anyone's kids. It could have been mine."

Elishia Rebecca Ross shared a photo on social media asking if anyone had seen her sister, Darcy Ross, pictured here with Rafel Jeanne

Over the weekend, family and friends of the missing group appealed numerous times on social media to find them.

The women, from Newport, had gone to The Muffler club in the Maesglas area of the city late on Friday.

They then travelled 36 miles (58km) to Trecco Bay, a caravan park in the seaside resort of Porthcawl, Bridgend county, with the two men, both from Cardiff.

A Snapchat photo shared by Ms Ross' sister showed her and Mr Jeanne together on the night they went missing.

The group was last seen in Llanedeyrn, Cardiff, in the early hours of Saturday, but it is not yet clear when the crash happened.

Ms Russon's mother, Anna Certowicz, 42, was driving around in a desperate search for her daughter after police officers told her to "stop ringing" the station for updates.

She told the Daily Mail: "They didn't seem to care. I had to drive to Cardiff to knock on doors myself because they were doing sod all. They just didn't seem to think it was worth investigating. It was so frustrating."

Writing on Twitter, Hollie Smith said her cousin, Ms Russon, had been taken to hospital in a critical condition.

"Sadly, the three other passengers have died and we're thinking of the families who have lost their loved ones," she wrote.

The Volkswagen Tiguan they were travelling in was found in the early hours of Monday near a busy roundabout on the A48, close to Cardiff Garden Centre.

An investigation is under way at the scene

A temporary fence was put up at the side of the carriageway where officers concentrated their investigation.

Before the car was found, one of the girls' aunts said there had been "no contact and no social media presence since the early hours of Saturday morning".

In an appeal to find them, Tori Preece shared a message on Facebook saying that "all of the families involved are extremely concerned".

"They are not girls who take unnecessary risks and are always in close contact with their families," she wrote.

Ms Preece shared a post from Lauren Doyle who said it was "unusual" the girls had not made contact and friends and families were "worried sick and thinking the worst".

Specialist officers are supporting the families, police said.

The case has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) in line with normal procedure.

The IOPC said: "We will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us."

The women had gone to The Muffler club in the Maesglas area of Newport late on Friday

Gwent Police has confirmed South Wales Police was investigating the crash.

South Wales Police said it received a call at 00:15 "to a report of a car being located" off the A48 in St Mellons.

"Our thoughts are with the those affected by this incident," it said.

St Mellons resident Howard Dainton, 72, said the scene of the crash was in a wooded area.

"No one walks down there because it's hard to get in that area on foot," he said.

"It's just a copse of trees and a ditch and behind that farmer fields.

A recovery vehicle removed the car from the scene

Meanwhile, a man has been arrested at the scene for prevention of breach of the peace, police said.

PA news agency reported that it was understood that Thomas Taylor, 47, from Rumney, Cardiff, had been arrested after being asked to leave the area.

Speaking before he was arrested, Mr Taylor, a film and TV extra, told PA: "When I heard the reports, I just couldn't believe it could be possible that a car could come off and no-one know they were there.

"It's natural they might have disappeared for a bit, but the families' instincts are right."

The BBC still has many questions to answer after lawyers representing the young person at the centre of the allegations disputed the mother’s account.

In a letter to the BBC, the lawyer makes claims that throw doubt on the story that has dominated front pages through the weekend, but with the BBC facing the media as it presents its annual report, the corporation's director general can expect the event to be dominated by the crisis.

Last updated on .From the section Cycling

British Cycling is to ban transgender women from the female category of its competitions following a nine-month review and consultation.

Under a new participation policy that the governing body said was "predicated on fairness", such athletes will compete in an 'open category' with men.

Female races will be "for those whose sex was assigned female at birth".

The changes will prevent riders such as Emily Bridges potentially being part of the British women's team.

Last year Bridges - the country's highest-profile transgender cyclist - was stopped from competing in her first elite women's race by the UCI, cycling's world federation, despite meeting the rules at the time.

Bridges reacted to the announcement with a statement on social media, calling the change a "violent act" by a "failed organisation" that was "controlling" the conversation on transgender inclusion.

She added that the racing scene was "dying under its watch" and that British Cycling was engaged in "culture wars".

British Cycling's policy had allowed transgender women to take part in elite female events if they met testosterone-based regulations.

But with the governing body at the heart of the debate over balancing inclusion with fairness, its regulations were suspended amid mounting controversy about Bridges and a review was launched.

"Research studies indicate that even with the suppression of testosterone, transgender women who transition post-puberty retain a performance advantage," said British Cycling.

"Our aim in creating our policies has always been to advance and promote equality, diversity and inclusion, while at the same time prioritising fairness of competition.

"We recognise the impact the suspension of our policy has had on trans and non-binary people, and we are sorry for the uncertainty and upset that many have felt during this period."

Transgender women will be able to participate in non-competitive recreational and community cycling without restriction.

The new policies will be implemented by the end of the year.

'You have no right to tell me when I am done' - Bridges response

In her statement, Bridges was critical of the state of British Cycling and its treatment of transgender riders.

"Cycling is still one of the whitest, straightest sports out there and you couldn't care less," she said. "I agree there needs to be a nuanced policy discussion and continue to conduct research. This hasn't happened.

"Research isn't being viewed critically, or any discussion about the relevance of the data to specific sports.

"I've given my body up to science for the last two years, and this data will be out soon.

"There is actual, relevant data coming soon and discussions need to be had."

Bridges claimed discussion of the debate is "inherently political" and "framed by the media who are driven through engagement by hate", saying she was "terrified to exist".

She claimed British Cycling was "furthering a genocide against us. Bans from sport is how it starts".

She added: "I know a lot of people will think I'm being dramatic, or overplaying how scary things are at the moment. I don't even know if I want to race my bike any more… but you have no right on telling me when I am done."

British Cycling is not commenting on Bridges' statement.

Having been a highly promising competitor in junior men's events, Bridges came out as transgender in 2020, starting hormone therapy as part of her gender dysphoria treatment.

She then became eligible to compete in elite women's events under British Cycling's transgender regulations, which required riders to have had testosterone levels below five nanomoles per litre for a 12-month period prior to competition.

But days before the 2022 National Omnium Championships, the UCI said Bridges' participation could only be allowed once her eligibility to race in international competitions was confirmed, dashing her hopes of competing for Wales in the Commonwealth Games.

A group of elite female cyclists called on the UCI to "rescind" its rules around transgender participation, claiming female athletes in the UK were "willing to boycott" events over their "concerns about fairness in their sport".

Bridges said she felt "harassed and demonised" and had "little clarity" on her eligibility. She added that she "does not have any advantage" over her competitors, and could prove it with data.

While British Cycling suspended its rules, the UCI then toughened its regulations, doubling the qualification period to two years and lowering the required testosterone threshold for transgender women riders to 2.5nmol/L.

But this month, after Austin Killips became the first transgender woman to win a UCI women's stage race at the Tour of the Gila, the world governing body re-opened consultation on the issue, saying it "hears the voices of female athletes and their concerns about an equal playing field for competitors".

"We acknowledge the paucity of research at this time, but can only look at what's available to use," said British Cycling chief executive Jon Dutton.

"I am confident that we have developed policies that both safeguard the fairness of cycle-sport competition, whilst ensuring all riders have opportunities to participate.

"We have always been very clear that this is a challenge far greater than one sport. We remain committed to listening to our communities, to monitor changes in the scientific and policy landscape, to ensure that sport is inclusive for all."

Fiona McAnena from Fair Play For Women told BBC Radio 4's World at One she was "concerned about all the women and girls who need to know that sport will be fair so I think an open category is a great solution because it doesn't negate anyone's identity…[and] the female category can be protected."

"We're finally reverting to fairness. We are going to see it across all sports."

However Joanna Harper - a sports scientist who studies the effects of transition on transgender athletes, and who is transgender herself - said she was "disappointed but not surprised".

"I don't think it's necessary" she told BBC Radio 5Live. "Trans women have been competing in cycling for many years…and although they have achieved some success in the sport, they are under-represented and are not anywhere near taking over the sport."

In March, UK Athletics also banned transgender women from competing in the female category in its competitions and events. There have been similar moves in swimming,triathlon and both codes of rugby.

A number of studies have suggested transgender women retain cardiovascular and strength advantages compared to female athletes, even after taking testosterone-suppressing hormones.

Critics of transgender athletes' participation in some women's sports argue that gives them a disproportionate advantage over their peers and limits opportunities for their rivals.

However, others argue there is not enough detailed research in the area, that the science is not clear, and that with very few elite transgender athletes, sport should be more inclusive, with open categories criticised for being discriminatory.

British Cycling said its women-only community programme "will continue to remain open and inclusive for transgender women and non-binary people" who can "continue to participate in a broad range of British Cycling activities in line with their gender identities".
• None Will they carve a brighter future down under?
• None Michael Mosley chews over the surprising benefits of these nutrient powerhouses

CCTV footage played in court showed Couzens, using his position as a police officer, to stop Sarah Everard

Wayne Couzens, the ex-police officer who used his position to trick his way to raping and murdering Sarah Everard in March 2021, is returning to court this week to be sentenced for indecent exposure.

Couzens will never leave prison. That means the real questions now are whether these earlier offences should have identified him as a violent threat to women - and what his case tells us about so-called flashers going on to commit far more serious sexual offences.

Before Couzens killed Ms Everard, detectives have identified six incidents of indecent exposure linked to him - he has pleaded guilty to three, while the others will lie on his file.

The first of those was in June 2015, when Kent Police received a report of a man in a car in Dover exposing himself. A witness gave officers the car registration plate, which was registered to Couzens, then at the Civil Nuclear Constabulary. Yet officers took no further action.

Then, in November 2020, four months before the murder, a woman was cycling along a country lane in Deal, Kent, when a totally naked man stepped out of a wooded bank and looked straight at her.

She cycled away, but spotted a number plate of a parked car. That car belonged to Couzens, by now a Met Police officer. A later analysis of mobile phone data placed his phone in the area at the right time. This is one of the three incidents Couzens has admitted.

The two other admissions are part of four virtually identical allegations of escalating concern in the weeks before the murder.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Couzens repeatedly visited a drive-thru restaurant and exposed himself to staff while sitting in his car, on one occasion while he was paying for food. The last incident was less than a week before Ms Everard disappeared.

So are these incidents relevant to Ms Everard's murder? Jennifer Grant is a criminologist who studies sex offenders, having worked with them previously as a probation officer.

The Portsmouth University academic says "it's a really complicated question to answer", but there is evidence that some men graduate from indecent exposure to serious sexual assaults and rape.

"There's long been a suggestion that indecent exposure is connected to anti-social behaviour more generally rather than a sexual motivation. And not everyone who exposes themselves is doing it to get sexual pleasure."

There is a group of offenders who are potentially violent because the way they expose themselves involves anger, and an apparent desire to frighten and control women they approach, she says.

The most reliable evidence comes from a 2014 United States study analysing data going back 30 years. It concluded that between 5% and 10% of men who commit "exhibitionist" crimes escalate to sexual assaults.

Without getting into the distressing details of what Couzens did, each of his exposure incidents places him in the category of a man seeking sexual control over his target.

"Couzens is clearly a worst-case," says Mrs Grant. "But there is a clear pattern of him gaining confidence and an increasing frequency of incidents. I saw this with some offenders who [over time] would be getting closer to victim."

So despite Kent Police having actionable evidence in 2015 - a car registration plate - why was the suspect not pursued?

Part of the answer to that lies in the disciplinary proceedings now taking place.

But the fact is that indecent exposure has historically, and culturally, been regarded by many as a "nuisance" offence rather than a sexual crime.

That's because its origins lie in the Vagrancy Act of 1824 - a law aimed at cleaning squalid Georgian streets of "rogues and vagabonds".

That law was in place until 2003 - when Parliament finally recognised indecent exposure as a sexual offence. The maximum penalty went from three months in jail to two years.

Police in England and Wales recorded more than 13,000 incidents of indecent exposure and voyeurism in the year to September 2022. But the trend of annual charging and conviction rates is very low.

The most recent data shows that just 457 men were convicted and sentenced for exposure in 2021. Just 120 of them were jailed - and most were locked up for less than six months.

"If we don't charge and convict, then we cannot manage the sex offender," says Mrs Grant. "If we convict, then they're on the sex offenders register. There is an offender manager assigned to them in prison and a probation officer providing oversight on the outside.

"Even if they receive a minor sentence, the experience can have a huge deterrent effect."

Which brings us back to the question of what any of this would have meant for Wayne Couzens.

A Kent police sergeant is facing a misconduct hearing over the handling of the 2015 indecent exposure allegation - while a former Metropolitan Police officer faces a gross misconduct hearing over how the February 2021 reports were dealt with.

A Home Office inquiry is also looking at whether there was a wider failure.

My straw poll of leading criminal barristers found that they all think Couzens would have been jailed or received a suspended sentence had he been convicted over the 2015 allegation - although the sentence would probably have been short.

But more importantly, his police career would have been over. He would never have made it into uniform in the Met Police.

Even if he had only been identified in 2020 or early 2021, the suspicion that he was offending would have enough to have him suspended.

The awful truth is we can't say that Couzens would not have gone on to rape and murder a woman because the crime he was committing would not have led to a sentence longer enough to control him forever.

But had he been caught and sacked, it would have meant that it would have been far harder for him to trick Sarah Everard into his car - ending her life in awful circumstances and causing untold damage to society's confidence in the police.

Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? Tell us by emailing: haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

A fourth day of fighting raged as residents remained trapped in their homes

Heavy gunfire and the roar of warplanes have shattered plans for a ceasefire in the Sudanese capital Khartoum, which was due to start at 18:00 (16:00 GMT).

Fighting was reported around the army headquarters by the airport in the city centre, which is surrounded by residential areas.

Two rival generals at the heart of the conflict had agreed to a 24-hour humanitarian pause.

Nearly 200 people have been killed in the fighting which began on Saturday.

Residents are low on food and water as clashes between the army and the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) paramilitary group continue.

On Tuesday, UN Secretary General António Guterres' spokesman said, "The fighting in Sudan, including Khartoum and various other locations, is continuing. No sign of real abatement of the fighting."

Earlier in the day, a woman living in Khartoum told the BBC that she had no more drinking water left in her home.

Duaa Tariq said only one bottle remained, which she was saving for her two-year-old child, as her family crammed into a "tiny corridor" to avoid gunfire.

"Most of the people [that] died, died in their houses with random bullets and missiles, so it's better to avoid exposed places in the house" like windows, Ms Tariq said.

At the University of Khartoum, a student was killed after being hit by a stray bullet.

"We were going to get food for the rest of the students," law student Mosaab Sharif, who is sheltering in a building near the campus, told the BBC.

A Facebook post, verified by the BBC, said the body had been buried on campus after safe passage off site could not be secured.

"There were three of us, and then he was hit in the chest. We couldn't even help him. As we were burying our colleague, one of us was hit with a bullet in his hand," Mr Sharif added.

He said that "snipers have been targeting anyone with flash lights".

Half an hour before the ceasefire was due to start, Khartoum residents were shocked to hear that three children - brothers living in the east of the city - had been killed in a bombardment.

Residents broke their Muslim Ramadan fast just after 18:00 local time to the sound of gunfire, with eyewitnesses in Bahri, in the north of the city, saying aircraft were flying overhead.

Another woman in Khartoum told the BBC that heavy weapons fire had continued well after the ceasefire was due to come into effect.

She described how earlier in the day she had escaped with her one-year-old child from her home as it was being struck by missiles.

Even if the fighting does die down in the next 24 hours, it is unlikely to be enough time for civilians to seek help, with the Red Cross saying the health system is on the verge of collapse.

The aid group said it has been receiving multiple calls for help from people trapped in their homes in a city that has an estimated population of 10 million residents, with most struggling to cope without electricity.

Fighting has also been taking place elsewhere in Sudan, including in Darfur to the west.

The UN aid chief has warned of reports that say humanitarian workers are being attacked and sexually assaulted.

"This is unacceptable and must stop," Martin Griffiths tweeted, after the time the ceasefire was expected to have been implemented.

The fighting is between army units loyal to the de facto leader, Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, and the RSF, a notorious paramilitary force commanded by Sudan's deputy leader, Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, better known as Hemedti.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: What's happened in Sudan in the last 24 hours?

Are you in the affected areas? If it is safe to do so share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.

Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:

If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.

There is a danger of more bespoke flavours going off the market due to the cost-of-living crisis, ice cream makers say

Fewer ice cream flavours will be available this year after an increase in ingredient and production costs, producers have said.

Ice cream makers said they were reducing the variety they offer to save money and ensure sales.

With less creativity in production, customers could be left to choose from more traditional flavours only.

The UK government said it would continue to help people and businesses through "difficult times".

Having thrived in west Wales since the 1930s, the Conti family have been known for their ice cream for decades.

Their recipe is secret and Tom Lewis, a member of the family, is now responsible for producing it.

Comparing the current production method with his Grandad's generation, he said the process has become "much easier" but the current economic climate was "much more difficult".

Tom Lewis from Conti's is no longer serving the same variety of flavours

"I've swapped from organic milk to local milk and my price is still about 50% more than it was two years ago," he said.

"I have some ingredients that are up 100%, sugar [is up] 50%. So, just on price alone, I guess there hasn't been a jump like this ever."

As a way of overcoming the recent cost increases from ingredients to electricity, Tom has started to cut back on flavours - a tough decision having been the one who introduced flavours to his Grandad's plain recipe in the first place.

"I'm keeping stock of certain things lower because I can't risk having them going out of date by winter," he said.

"I know honeycomb's doubled in price, so I haven't made any of that this year."

Known for their hand-crafted quality ice cream, one company from north Wales is also worried about sales going cold due to rising production costs.

Helen Holland from Môn ar Lwy, based in Bodorgan, Anglesey, said the business has made several cutbacks over recent years.

"We need to make the most we can when we're in production," she said.

"We've also decreased our flavours. We still have bespoke and about 25 to 30 different flavours on offer every season, but I'm not as creative as I used to be."

Reacting to the possibility of losing their favourite flavoured ice cream, many in the seaside town of Aberaeron, Ceredigion, were disappointed.

Eating her Kinder Bueno flavoured ice cream, Emily Leonard, from Manchester, said: "I'd be a bit gutted to be honest, if all the boring ones were left… you never know what you're going to pick until you look at all the flavours.

"I feel like the cooler flavours get more attention."

Ian Roberts is worried about what a lack of flavours might mean for the summer

Ian Roberts said his kids enjoyed a variety of flavours.

He said: "If there's less flavours, there'd be a little less fun for the summer wouldn't there?"

A fan of vanilla ice cream, Jane Guest, from Aberystwyth, suggested ice cream makers should raise their prices depending on the flavour.

"I don't know why they don't sell it at a higher price," she said.

"If it's something like nuts, pistachio and hazelnut, that does cost more."

But she did acknowledge ice cream was already "quite expensive".

Things need to change if the industry is to survive, Tom from Conti's says

Mr Lewis said he did not think businesses should "dump" large premiums on customers and said things would need to change "drastically" for the industry to succeed.

"People need to get back on their feet. Ice cream is a treat, if people are unable to pay their utility fees, they're not going to be buying ice cream," he said.

The UK government said: "We were clear that we would help people and businesses in Wales through these difficult times and we continue to do so.

"We are taking action to reduce inflation while making sure real-time financial support is provided to those who need it, with more than 400,000 people in Wales receiving £301 directly from the UK government in the last few weeks."

A global scamming network has robbed ordinary investors of more than a billion dollars. BBC Eye identified a shadowy network of businessmen who appear to be behind it.

First, you hear a phone ringing. An elderly man answers.

The caller introduces himself as "William Grant", from the trading firm Solo Capitals. He says he has a "great promotion" to offer.

The elderly man sounds vulnerable and confused. "I'm not interested, I'm not interested," he says.

But William Grant is persistent. "I only have one question," he tells the old man.

"Are you interested in making money?"

Jan Erik, a 75-year-old pensioner in Sweden, is about to get scammed, again. The call was made from the offices of Solo Capitals, a purported cryptocurrency trading firm based in Georgia. The recording is hard to listen to, because not only does the elderly man, Jan Erik, sound muddled, he tells the caller he has already lost one million Swedish Krona (about £80,000) in trading scams.

But the caller already knows this. And he knows it makes the pensioner a good target for a follow-up "recovery scam". He tells Jan Erik that if he hands over his card details and pays a €250 deposit, Solo Capitals will use special software to track his lost investments and get his money back.

"We will be able to recover the whole amount," William Grant says.

It takes him a while to wear Jan Erik down. But after about 30 minutes on the phone, the pensioner begins reading out his credit card details.

The audio recording was saved by the company under the file name "William Sweden scammed". The BBC obtained the file from a former employee, but the company had not tried hard to hide it. In fact, it had handed it out to new recruits as part of the company training package.

This was a lesson in how to scam.

For more than a year, BBC Eye has been investigating a global fraudulent trading network of hundreds of different investment brands that has scammed unwitting customers like Jan Erik out of more than a billion dollars.

Our investigation reveals for the first time the sheer scale of the fraud, as well as the identities of a shadowy network of individuals who appear to be behind it.

The network is known to police as the Milton group, a name originally used by the scammers themselves but abandoned in 2020. We identified 152 brands, including Solo Capitals, that appear to be part of the network. It operates by targeting investors and scamming them out of thousands - or in some cases hundreds of thousands - of pounds.

One Milton group investment brand even sponsored a top-flight Spanish football club, and advertised in major newspapers, lending it credibility with potential investors.

In November, BBC Eye accompanied German and Georgian police on call-centre raids in the Georgian capital Tbilisi. On the computer screens, we saw row after row of British phone numbers. We phoned several and spoke to British citizens who told us they had just invested money. On one desk, there was a handwritten note with a list of names and useful details for the scammers: "Homeowner, no responsibilities"; "50k in savings"; "From Poland, British citizen"; "50k in stocks."

Next to the name of one British man, a note said: "Savings less than 10K, very pussy, should scam soon".

Milton group brands had office space in this downtown Kyiv office building. (Alexander Mahmoud/DG)

The majority of victims sign up after seeing an ad on social media. Within 48 hours typically they receive a phone call from someone who tells them they could make returns of up to 90% per day. On the other end of the phone there is usually a call centre with many of the trappings of a legitimate business - a smart, modern office with an HR department, monthly targets and bonuses, awaydays and competitions for best salesperson. Some call centres play pumping music in the background. But there are also elements you won't find in a legitimate business - written guidance on how to identify a potential investor's weaknesses and turn those weaknesses against them.

From their first phone call, victims can be directed into regulated companies or sometimes unregulated, offshore entities. Some victims who signed up to regulated brands within the Milton group are directed by their broker to place high-risk trades likely to lose the customer money and make money for the broker. Some victims are instructed to download software that allows the scammer to remotely control their PC and place trades for them. And according to former employees of Milton group brands, some customers think they are making real trades, but their money is simply being siphoned away.

"The victims think they have a real account with the company, but there isn't really any trading, it's just a simulation," said Alex, a former employee who worked in a Milton group office in Kyiv, Ukraine.

In order to better understand how the scam works, the BBC posed as an aspiring trader and contacted Coinevo, one of the Milton group's trading platforms. We were connected to an adviser who gave the name Patrick, and told us we could make "70% or 80% or 90% as a return in one single day". He told us to send $500 worth of Bitcoin as a deposit to begin trading with.

Patrick pressed our undercover trader to provide a copy of their passport, and after providing a fake copy we were able to continue to operate the account for about two months before Coinevo appeared to detect the fake. At that point, Patrick wrote to us by email, swearing at us and cutting off contact.

But the BBC's deposit money was already in the system. We were able to track it as it was divided up into small fractions and moved through many different Bitcoin wallets, all seemingly associated with the Milton group. Experts told the BBC that genuine financial institutions do not funnel money in this way. Louise Abbott, a lawyer who specialises in cryptocurrency and fraud, examined the flow of the money and said it suggested "large-scale organised crime". The reason the money was spread over various different bitcoin wallets, Abbott said, was to "make it as complicated as possible and as difficult as possible for either you, or the victim, or us as lawyers to find".

The victims of these telephone trading scams often have their financial and social circumstances used against them. People who reveal large savings pots are pushed to make large investments. People who are lonely are befriended by the scammers. As a recent retiree, Jane (whose name we have changed for this story) was a perfect target. She had just taken voluntary redundancy and had a lump sum of nearly £20,000 that she thought, invested wisely, could supplement her pension in the years to come. In June 2020, during the first lockdown, she saw an ad online for a company called EverFX.

At that time, EverFX was one of the main sponsors of the top-flight Spanish football team Sevilla FC. The club's stars had advertised the trading platform on social media and - Jane checked - it was regulated by the UK's Financial Conduct Authority.

Jane sent EverFX a message through their website and was called back and connected to someone she was told was a senior trader. He told her he was calling from Odessa, in Ukraine, and his name was David Hunt. His accent sounded Eastern European, Jane said, but she couldn't place it. She liked him instantly.

"He really knew his stuff, he knew how all the markets worked," she said. "I really got into it."

Jane lost her retirement fund. "I felt so humiliated," she said. "I didn't want to be on the planet anymore." (Joel Gunter/BBC)

Soon they were speaking nearly every morning, and Jane was revealing specific things she needed money for - expensive repairs to her roof, a buffer for her pension. Hunt used them against her, she said, telling her certain trades would "get her that roof" and "help her future".

Over the next few months, Jane invested about £15,000. But her trades weren't doing well. Hunt advised her to withdraw her money and invest with a different trading platform, BproFX, where she could get better returns.

By that point, Jane fully trusted David Hunt. "I felt like I knew him well and I thought he had my interests at heart," she said, welling up. "So I agreed to move with him."

What she didn't know was that BproFX was an unregulated, offshore entity based in Dominica. In reality, EverFX's UK regulatory status did not stop it from scamming British citizens, but the move over to BproFX would strip Jane of even the scant protections she might be afforded under UK law. The BBC found several victims who were moved to unregulated companies in this way.

In September 2020, Jane agreed to put £20,000 into BProFX, and Hunt coached her through various trades over the next few months. But somehow she kept losing money.

Other victims told the BBC they were scammed this way. Londoner Barry Burnett said he started investing after seeing an ad for EverFX, but after a few early wins, he suddenly lost more than £10,000 in 24 hours. The adviser pressured him to put in another £25,000 to trade himself out of his black hole.

"I must have got at least half a dozen calls in the space of about two hours," Barry said. "People begging me to put more money in."

Jane faced similar pressures from David Hunt. "He kept telling me that the more I put in the more I can recover," she said.

Instead, both finally decided to call it quits. Barry had lost £12,000, Jane £27,000.

"I'm horrified, numb," Barry said. Both made dozens of phone calls, chasing their losses, but with no results. David Hunt stopped answering Jane's calls. She knew she had lost everything.

"The day I realised was my birthday," she said. "It was the pandemic, and my family had organised a little outdoor get together and brought me a cake, and I was trying to be happy but I just felt so humiliated. I felt like I didn't want to be on the planet anymore."

It would be months before she could muster the courage to tell anyone what she'd done.

The operations of the Milton group have been investigated before, by the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter and others, but the BBC set out to identify the senior figures behind the global scam.

We began by combing through publicly available corporate documents to map the connections between companies in the Milton group. Five names appeared again and again, listed as directors of the Milton trading platforms or supporting tech companies - David Todua, Rati Tchelidze, Guram Gogeshvili, Joseph Mgeladze, and Michael Benimini.

We plugged the five names into the Panama Papers, a massive 2016 leak detailing offshore companies, and discovered that four of them - Tchelidze, Gogeshvili, Mgeladze and Benimini - were listed as directors or senior figures within a group of linked offshore companies or subsidiary companies that pre-dated the Milton group.

Many of these non-Milton companies led back in some way to one figure: David Kezerashvili, a former Georgian government official who served for two years as the country's defence minister.

David Kezerashvili, a former defence minister of Georgia, appears to be connected to the Milton network. (Alamy/BBC)

Kezerashvili was dismissed as defence minister and later convicted in absentia for embezzling more than €5m of government funds. By the time of his conviction, he was living in London and the UK turned down a request from Georgia for his extradition.

There were no publicly available documents linking Kezerashvili to this pre-Milton network, but when we looked at the Panama Papers, his name came up again and again, identifying him as either the founder of the parent companies in the network or as one of their initial shareholders. Behind the scenes, Kezerashvili appeared to be at the centre of that network.

When it came to the Milton group, there was similarly no publicly available documentation linking Kezerashvili to the scam companies, and there was no evidence that he had any direct financial interest in the Milton brands.

But several former employees of Milton-linked companies told us confidentially that they had had direct dealings with Kezerashvili and knew him to be involved in the Milton group.

Kezerashvili has frequently promoted the scam trading platforms on his personal social media accounts. On the business networking site LinkedIn, he has used his account almost exclusively to promote jobs and share posts about Milton-linked companies.

The BBC was able to find a number of other pieces of evidence linking the former defence minister to Milton brands. Several companies owned by Kezerashvili used a private email server on which the only other users were Milton group companies. His venture capital firm, Infinity VC, owned the branding and web domains for companies that provided trading platform technology to the scammers.

Kezerashvili also owns a Kyiv office building that was home to both the scam call centre selling EverFX and the tech firms that provided the software - offices which were raided by police in November. He also owns a Tbilisi office block that contained some of the same tech firms.

When the BBC examined social media profiles belonging to the four senior Milton group men, it became clear from pictures posted of wedding parties and other social events that they all had close social ties to Kezerashvili. Kezerashvili is Facebook friends with at least 45 people linked to the Milton group scams, and one of the four senior figures identified by the BBC is his cousin.

The BBC tracked Kezerashvili to his £18m London mansion and asked to speak to him, but we were told he wasn't available. He told the BBC via his lawyers that he strongly denied any involvement with the Milton group, or that he gained financially from scams. He said that EverFX was to his knowledge a legitimate business and his lawyers argued other connections we have found to the people and IT behind it "proved nothing".

Scam victims download a trading platform, but some are never placing real trades at all. (Joel Gunter/BBC)

Mr Chelidze and Mr Gogeshvili also strongly denied our accusations, saying that EverFX was a legitimate, regulated platform. They denied knowledge of Milton or any connection between EverFX and the brands we identified, which they suggested had misused EverFX's source code and brand to confuse users. They said EverFX had never had a crypto wallet and had no control over how its third-party payment processors directed funds.

Mr Mgeladze also denied our accusations, telling us that he has never owned any call centres fraudulently mis-selling investments and has no knowledge of the Milton group.

Mr Benimini did not respond to our questions.

EverFX denied our allegations, saying that they were a legitimate and regulated platform where risks were fully explained. They said that they had investigated Barry Burnett's case and found that he was responsible for his losses.

In Jane's case, they told us her losses were as a result of her moving to an unconnected company. They said that they had fully cooperated with the FCA and there were no outstanding UK regulatory complaints.

The FCA said EverFX was banned by the agency in 2021, along with other similar trading brands.

Sevilla FC told the BBC only that once their contract with EverFX ended, they had no more contact with the company.

Fraud accounted for more than £4bn worth of crime in the UK last year, and online investment scams are thought to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds per year. But British police have faced criticism from victims over what they see as a lack of action against scammers on behalf of British nationals.

Jane went down various routes, at home and abroad, in pursuit of her lost retirement funds, but got nowhere. The UK's City of London Police took a report from her but "nothing came of it", she said. Her bank was not able to help either, "apart from writing a few letters".

"And why should they, really?" she said, with a sad shrug.

So she did the only thing she could think of. She went to a dozen online review websites and wrote reviews of the trading brands that had scammed her.

"I just wanted to warn anyone else who might fall for it," she said.

"I put a lot of effort into that. I hope someone sees it."

You can watch the documentary, The Billion-Dollar Scam, on BBC iPlayer, and listen to a radio version on BBC Sounds.

US President Joe Biden has dropped yet another hint that he will seek re-election in 2024.

Mr Biden said on Monday that he "plans" on running again but added that he is "not prepared to announce it yet".

The comments came during a casual interview with US broadcaster NBC prior to the annual White House Easter children's party.

Mr Biden has previously said it was his "intention" to run for another four-year term.

During a press conference last November, the president spoke of his desire to seek another term but said he would discuss it with his family over the year-end holidays.

In February, First Lady Jill Biden said that the timing of the formal announcement was "pretty much" all that was left to be decided.

"How many times does he have to say it for you to believe it?" she told the Associated Press during a visit to Africa.

White House staff had suggested that an announcement could come as early as February but then pushed the possible date to April.

The latest reports are that Mr Biden may wait until the new campaign fundraising quarter begins in July in order to maximise the amount of time he can gather donations before having to disclose them publicly.

Quarterly fundraising totals are frequently viewed as an important indication of the strength of a campaign.

There are currently two announced candidates for the 2024 Democratic presidential nomination - best-selling self-help author Marianne Williamson and anti-vaccine activist Robert Kennedy Jr.

No prominent Democratic officeholders appear to be considering a challenge to the incumbent, however.

The lack of any formidable rivals in his party has given Mr Biden the ability to set the timing of any formal announcement without significant external pressure.

His advisers have said he sees an advantage in drawing a contrast between his role governing the nation while his potential Republican opponents engage in partisan campaigning or - in Donald Trump's case - deal with the fallout from a criminal indictment.

Last week, the former president pleaded not guilty in a Manhattan court to falsifying business records.

Behind the scenes, however, Mr Biden and his advisers are quietly assembling a campaign team and staffing the independent political action committee, Future Forward, that will provide financial support for the president's re-election effort.

At 80, Mr Biden is already the oldest president in US history. If he wins re-election, he will be 86 at the end of his second term.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Biden chuckles at thought of Trump running again

Nobody embraced "trash TV" quite like Jerry Springer, the man who referred to himself on Twitter as "talk show host, ringmaster of civilization's end".

Mr Springer, who passed away at age 79 on Thursday, was the long-time host of his namesake daytime programme The Jerry Springer Show.

Expletives, fists and chairs were flung across the show's set over 27 seasons between 1991 and 2018.

In the process, it became equal parts ratings juggernaut and cultural reject.

Here are some of the most shocking moments from arguably the most controversial and boundary-pushing talk show in history.

In a now-banned 1998 episode, Mr Springer interviewed three people in what they called interspecies relationships.

The most memorable of the trio was perhaps a Missouri man named Mark, who claimed he had married a pony named Pixel.

He insisted his equine entanglement was consensual, kissing her on the mouth and saying through tears: "If she didn't like it, she could always leave."

Mark declared that he had been on a 40-year "crusade to be accepted" for having sex with animals.

If the blatant zoophilia was not weird enough, he also disclosed that he was slowly dying from hepatitis as a result of the sex.

Of all the colourful characters interviewed by Mr Springer, few stood out as vividly as the self-proclaimed "kung fu hillbilly" Diemon Dave.

Dave was having a problem with his roommate Lil Wayne - no relation to the award-winning rapper - and was itching for a fight so bad he told the show's security not to interfere.

Having gorged on Chuck Norris and Jean Claude Van Damme movies on the VCR in his trailer, he said he had studied the martial art and practiced it in the mirror.

"If he comes out here acting a fool, I'm gon' kung fu him," he told the crowd through an extremely thick Southern drawl.

When his nemesis came out, the shirts came off quickly and they came to blows - but it quickly became clear that Dave was no Bruce Lee.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Jerry Springer says he was born at Highgate underground station during World War II.

In a bizarre tale on the show's 16th season, a guest named Sandra told Mr Springer she had cut off her own legs with a saw about six years ago.

The then-48-year-old transgender wheelchair user said she had decided at age 14 that she did not want her legs anymore.

"My brain just kept saying 'Get rid of them.' So I had to get rid of them," she explained, adding that she had previously tried to self-infect so doctors would have to amputate the legs.

She was later confronted on the show by Kenny, a man born without legs, who lambasted her for her ungratefulness.

Mr Springer faced repeated criticism that he was exploiting vulnerable trans people on his shows; he defended himself as somebody who gave transgender Americans more exposure than anywhere else in the entertainment landscape at the time.

Every fetish imaginable may have made it on screen over the show's three-decade run.

In 2012's "Outrageous Guilty Pleasures" episode, a mother and daughter shared the stage with Mr Springer.

The two were a dominatrix duo - women who dominate men during sexual activities, often physically.

Things got weirder when the duo brought their sex slave out on stage.

Then, as The Jerry Springer Show so often did, the man's wife also made her way onto set - to berate and kink-shame him.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Springer asked if he was ashamed about his show

A notorious 1997 episode titled "Klanfrontation" saw Mr Springer moderate a conversation on race and religion.

His guests? Members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Jewish Defence League (JDL).

Unsurprisingly, there was little overlap between the two groups and one KKK member mockingly revealed a Jewish kippah beneath his hood to JDL chairman Irv Rubin.

The faux debate quickly erupted into an all-out brawl, with both Mr Springer's security and members of the crowd also getting involved.

It was one of a handful of times the show probed - albeit without much tact - uncomfortable topics like white supremacy and racism.

Plans aimed at stopping people crossing the Channel in small boats have been approved by MPs, after the government defused a Tory backbench rebellion.

The Illegal Migration Bill cleared its final stages in the House of Commons by 289 votes to 230.

Around 20 Tory MPs wanted to require court approval to detain unaccompanied children longer than three days.

But they agreed not to push the issue to a vote, after ministers pledged to work with them on a "new timescale".

Ministers have yet to specify the limits in the bill itself.

The government has made a series of concessions to different sections of the Tory party, in order to head off rebellions during the bill's final stages in the Commons.

However, the bill is expected to run into opposition at its next stage in the House of Lords, where it could be heavily amended.

The bill, unveiled in March, is a key part of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's plan to "stop" small boats crossing the English Channel.

It will place a legal duty on the home secretary to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, to Rwanda or another "safe" third country, taking legal precedence over someone's right to claim asylum.

This has prompted outrage from opposition parties and charities, which argue the bill is unworkable and could breach international law.

There has also been concern, including among Tory MPs, over new powers in the bill to detain people - including children - on the suspicion that they are liable for removal.

A group of rebel Tory MPs, led by Tim Loughton, tabled an amendment to place new limits on the circumstances in which unaccompanied children could be held.

But as the bill neared its final Commons passage, he agreed to withdraw it "on trust" after Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick pledged he would listen to concerns.

The government introduced amendments of its own, enabling it to set a unspecified limit on child detention in the future, with Mr Jenrick promising to work with MPs on designing a new limit.

However, the commitment was dismissed as vague by the SNP's Alison Thewliss, who added: "We do not trust them to do the right thing here."

Mr Loughton said any changes brought forward by the government in the Lords must include a maximum detention time for children within the bill.

Children's charities - including the NSPCC and Barnado's - have also expressed concern, warning the home secretary in a letter that the bill risks "denying children the help and protection they need".

"We firmly believe that allowing unaccompanied children to be detained for any longer than 24 hours is unacceptable and poses serious risks to their health, safety and protection," the charities added.

The government faced strong criticism from former Prime Minister Theresa May and former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith over the potential impact of the bill on victims of modern slavery.

The bill would take away temporary protections against removal from the UK that are currently offered to suspected victims of modern slavery or human trafficking while their case is considered.

The two senior Tories had tabled an amendment, which would have exempted people who have suffered exploitation in the UK from being deported, but they did not force a vote on it.

Speaking in the Commons, Mrs May said the current version of the bill would mean "more people will stay enslaved and in exploitation", by giving traffickers "another weapon" to stop victims going to the police.

To get the bill through, ministers have also promised to consult on new safe and legal routes for migrants, after pressure on the issue from backbenchers.

Under a new amendment, it has committed to publishing a report on new routes within six months of the bill becoming law.

It has also addressed concerns from the Tory right with a separate amendment giving UK minsters more leeway to ignore European court rulings.

However, even with the government's concessions, the bill is still expected to face significant opposition when it proceeds to the Lords in the coming months.

Labour's shadow immigration minister Stephen Kinnock said the bill was an "expensive and unworkable, headline-chasing gimmick".

Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Alistair Carmichael said it was "nothing more than half-baked legislation that is immoral, ineffective and incredibly costly for the taxpayer".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Driving through the ruined city at night, Vladimir Putin has made his first visit to Mariupol - devastated when Russian forces besieged the city earlier on in the war.

The BBC has traced part of the route he took, which passed near the locations of several notorious attacks during his army's months-long assault. Russia finally overran the city in May.

Video released by Russian media show Mr Putin chatting to a companion as they head towards the city's concert hall. The Kremlin says the visit took place late on Saturday and Mr Putin decided "spontaneously" to tour the city.

Mariupol's Ukrainian mayor in exile Vadym Boychenko told the BBC that Mariupol was "personal" to Mr Putin because of what had happened there.

"We have to understand that Mariupol is a symbolic place for Putin, because of the fury he inflicted on the city of Mariupol. No other city was destroyed like that. No other city was under siege for so long. No other city was subjected to carpet bombing," he said.

"He has come in person to see what he has done," he added.

The BBC identified some of the key landmarks along the Russian leader's route. Mr Putin appears to be driving down Kuprina St, turning into Myru Avenue and then into Metalurhiv Avenue, where the Philharmonic Concert Hall is and which he visits later on in the footage.

He is sitting next to a man in a black cap, who Russian media identify as Russian Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin.

On his left as they drive down Myru Avenue are sculptures of birds in what was Mariupol's Freedom Square.

Further on, on the right and not shown in the footage, is Mariupol's Maternity Hospital Number Three, which was bombed in a notorious incident last March.

Pictures of heavily-pregnant Marianna Vyshemirskaya, her face bloodied, descending rubble-strewn steps were widely shared amid outrage at the attack. She survived and gave birth the following day. Another pregnant woman was among the victims.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called it a war crime but Russia's embassy in London claimed the hospital had no longer been in use, and was instead being used by members of the Azov regiment, which was set up as a volunteer militia with links to the far right in 2014 but had since been incorporated into Ukraine's National Guard.

Mr Putin turned off Myru Avenue just before the road arrives at Theatre Square - the scene of a deadly bombing that is thought to have killed at least 300 and possibly as many as 600 civilians.

Civilians had been using the building as a refuge from the siege and a large sign spelling "children" had been daubed in Russian in front of the theatre. The building collapsed when it was hit. Russia denied bombing it and blamed the Azov battalion. In December the Ukrainian city authorities in exile said Russia was demolishing the ruins of the theatre.

Russia "understood where there was a concentration of people, and deliberately destroyed these places, killing people. They systematically worked on this", said Mr Boychenko.

Footage then shows Mr Putin on a walking tour of a new residential compound, said to be in Mariupol's Nevsky district. He is guided by Mr Khusnullin, who shows him some plans of the reconstruction work. He is also seen talking to people said by Russian media to be local residents and he also visits an apartment that he is told is made up of three rooms.

Nevsky is a new district comprising a dozen apartment blocks in the west of the city. It is named after the River Neva, on which President Vladimir Putin's home city of St Petersburg stands.

Mayor Boychenko said many of the Russian-built buildings were on the city outskirts. "They built this just to prove that their version of what's happening there is true. But they lie! They lie that they came to liberate the city. But they destroyed it. This city does not exist any longer. And it takes 20 years to restore it!" he said.

Mariupol residents have been telling the BBC that new buildings are going up and some of those damaged by the Russian military are being removed. The UN estimates that 90% of residential buildings were damaged or destroyed in the Russian onslaught.

Norwegian journalist Morten Risberg, who visited Mariupol in December, said he saw "large-scale rebuilding and restoration" amid "destruction everywhere you looked".

"They're changing street names and they're painting over Ukrainian colours with Russian colours, and they're putting Russian flags everywhere," he told the BBC. Most of the remaining civilians in the city were "just focusing on surviving", he said.

In another part of the footage, President Putin is seen walking through the interior of a concert hall in Mariupol. Russian state media said it was the Philharmonic Concert Hall - and the BBC has verified that the footage matches the interior of the venue.

This is the same building that the UN warned was to be used to stage trials of Ukrainian troops who held out against Russian forces for months in Mariupol's massive Azovstal iron and steel plant. Russia finally gained complete control of Mariupol in May after the defenders surrendered.

The concert hall was to be the venue for show trials of Ukrainian POWs but they were traded in a prisoner swap instead

Images posted on social media in August - including by Ukrainian authorities - appeared to show metal cages being built on the stage. According to the UN, prosecuting prisoners of war (POWs) for taking part in hostilities is a war crime.

But the trials never took place, as the POWs were later part of a prisoner swap for 55 prisoners from Ukraine, including a pro-Kremlin former MP, Viktor Medvedchuk.

The latest footage from inside the concert hall shows the interior of the building has since been redecorated and the cages are no longer visible.

During the siege the concert hall, like the drama theatre, was used by civilians for shelter. The cultural institutions were "where people hid in basements and waited for the Russian terror to end," Mr Boychenko said.

Before the invasion it had been the venue for the Mariupol Classic festival for classical music. Mr Boychenko said the festival was a "great celebration of classical music for the people of Mariupol" that drew artists from abroad and other parts of Ukraine.

"Many people always gathered at this festival to feel the mood that always prevailed in Mariupol," he said.

In a later shot, President Putin is seen visiting a World War Two memorial built to commemorate Soviet troops who recaptured the city from Nazi Germany.

Images have emerged purportedly showing Wagner fighters training Belarusian soldiers at a base south-east of Minsk

Ukraine's border guard service has confirmed that Wagner mercenaries have now arrived in Belarus from neighbouring Russia.

The DPSU says it is assessing how many "militants" are in Belarus, which also shares a border with Ukraine, as well as their exact location and goals.

One unconfirmed report said a convoy of some 60 Wagner vehicles rolled over the border into Belarus early on Saturday.

A deal ended the 24-hour rebellion, which saw the troops seize a city and march on Moscow - aborting it just 200km (124 miles) from the capital.

Under the agreement, Wagner fighters were told they could join either the regular Russian army or go to Belarus, a close ally of Russia. The Wagner leader, Yevgeny Prigozhin, was also offered a move to Belarus, however his current whereabouts are unknown.

Wagner is a Russian private military company made up of mercenary fighters - many of whom were recruited from Russian prisons. They have fought some of the bloodiest battles since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February last year.

DPSU spokesman Andriy Demchenko confirmed Wagner's presence in Belarus in a short statement on Saturday.

He said Ukrainian border guards were "continuing to monitor the situation" across the country's northern border. He provided no further details.

Earlier in the day, a Telegram channel associated with a prominent Belarusian opposition blogger reported that a large Wagner convoy entered Belarus from Russia.

Belaruski Hajun channel said the vehicles - including pickups, lorries and buses - were being accompanied by Belarusian traffic police as they headed to the town of Osipovichy, about 85km (53 miles) south-east of the capital Minsk.

The Belarusian authorities - which view Belaruski Hajun as an extremist channel - have not commented on the issue.

On Friday, Belarus' defence ministry said Wagner troops were now acting as military instructors for the country's territorial defence forces. It said the fighters were training Belarusian forces "in a number of military disciplines" near Osipovichy.

Earlier this week, President Putin revealed that Prigozhin had rejected an offer for his fighters to join the Russian army as a regular unit.

He told Russia's Kommersant newspaper that many group commanders had backed the plan, to be led by a senior Wagner figure, during talks in Moscow on 29 June.

But he said that Prigozhin's reply was "the guys [Wagner troops] do not agree with this decision".

Mr Putin also said that under Russian law, Wagner "does not exist", because mercenary groups are not officially recognised. But that "difficult issue" should be discussed in parliament, the president added.

The Kremlin appears to want to differentiate between the Wagner chief and regular Wagner fighters, driving a wedge between them, says the BBC's Russia editor Steve Rosenberg in Moscow.

He adds that this would explain the attempts in Russia's state media to discredit Prigozhin.

Since the 23 June mutiny, there have been conflicting and unconfirmed reports of Prigozhin's whereabouts.

He is a former Putin loyalist and once even nicknamed "Putin's chef" for his catering contracts with the Kremlin. But public infighting between Prigozhin and Russia's ministry of defence over the conduct of the war have put him at steep odds with Russia government.

US President Joe Biden said on Thursday that Prigozhin should be careful of poisoning following the mutiny.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The day Wagner chief went rogue... in 96 seconds

Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.

Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has faced a committee of MPs looking at whether he intentionally misled parliament over lockdown-era parties.

Here are the key moments from Johnson's Partygate grilling.

People in Hong Kong should discourage smoking by staring at anyone who lights up in areas where it is banned, the city's health secretary has suggested.

Answering questions about how to create a tobacco-free city, Lo Chung-mau also said police could not be expected to catch smokers.

Hong Kong is currently debating toughening its anti-tobacco measures.

After launching a public consultation to reduce smoking in Hong Kong, Prof Lo told fellow lawmakers at a health meeting that the public had a role to play in reducing smoking and that it would be challenging for police officers to catch smokers in the act in time.

Prof Lo, who is also a medical doctor, said smoking was bad for the health of everyone and Hong Kong needed a "culture in society that people are willing to comply with the law".

He added: "When the members of the public see people smoking in non-smoking areas, even if no law enforcement officers can show up immediately, we can stare at the smokers."

Prof Lo told the panel that law enforcement would be improved. Breaking current smoking rules is punishable with a fine of up to HK$1,500 ($192, £147).

But he also said when police "arrive at the scene, the crime may have already stopped" and so they are unable to take action, going on to suggest smoking rules should be enforced like etiquette over waiting for a bus.

"No one will say it requires the law to compel people to queue. Our society is able to create a culture where people will comply with this rule of queuing when waiting for buses. I hope the whole of society can build a non-smoking culture."

Among the new measures being considered by Hong Kong's government are banning people born after a certain year from buying tobacco products and significantly increasing the tax on a packet of cigarettes.

Hospitals in England have failed to hit key targets to tackle the backlogs in cancer care and routine treatment.

Waiting times show too many patients were still facing long waits at the end of March.

The targets were to eliminate 18-month waits for planned care, such as knee and hip replacements, and to bring 62-day cancer waits to pre-pandemic levels.

NHS England said huge progress had been made, particularly on routine care.

The numbers waiting more than 18 months for treatment peaked in September 2021 at nearly 125,000.

By the end of March, just over 10,700 were waiting that long - but NHS England said about 4,000 of them were complex cases or patients who had been offered treatment but had chosen to wait.

Half of the people were concentrated in 10 NHS trusts.

Overall, there are now a record 7.3 million people on a hospital waiting list, which is nearly three million higher than it was before the pandemic started.

Ministers have warned it could be next spring before the numbers start falling.

Last spring a tumour was found on Phil Martlew's kidney.

Doctors said there was an 80% chance it was cancerous.

Within two months he had a pre-op assessment, but delays meant it was seven months before the tumour was eventually removed in January 2023.

The 68-year-old from Merseyside said the treatment, when he received it, was "exemplary".

But he said the wait placed a huge mental strain on him.

"The wait was enormously stressful and the thought that the tumour may be cancerous is on your mind every day.

"It's like the film Alien. I kept thinking that this thing's inside of me and I just wanted it out.

"All the medical staff who dealt with my care have been fabulous.

"I'm annoyed about the admin and management of it."

Are you experiencing a long wait for elective surgery or cancer treatment? Get in touch.

The NHS had already acknowledged it was going to miss the cancer target.

It was set a goal of bringing back the number of people waiting more than 62 days for treatment to pre-pandemic levels of 14,200.

By the end of March, more than 19,200 were waiting that long - although that is also well down from the peak in September 2022 of nearly 34,000.

NHS England chief executive Amanda Pritchard said "great strides" were being made in the face of "incredible pressure".

As well as the demands placed on hospitals by flu and Covid this winter, the NHS has also had to contend with managing the impact of strikes by nurses, junior doctors, physios and ambulance workers, which have caused the postponement of more than 500,000 appointments and operations.

"There is still much work to be done, but these are remarkable achievements given all the NHS has had to contend with," added Ms Pritchard.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said: "I promised I would cut NHS waiting lists and we are delivering.

"Reducing 18-month waits by over 90% is huge progress, and it is testament to the hard work of NHS staff who have achieved this despite one of the busiest winters on record."

At the end of last year, the National Audit Office warned that the plan to tackle the backlog in treatment was at serious risk.

A lack of staff and hospital beds was affecting productivity, it warned.

It has meant the NHS is still doing fewer planned treatments, such as knee and hip replacements, than before the pandemic.

Tim Mitchell, from the Royal College of Surgeons of England, said it was "disappointing" the targets had not been met.

He said NHS staff were "doing the very best they could", but were being hampered by the "chronic staff vacancies that impede the day-to-day running of the NHS".

He urged ministers to publish the much-delayed NHS workforce plan which will set out how staffing shortages will be tackled.

The plan is expected in the coming weeks.

Labour's shadow health secretary Wes Streeting said the government had "broken its promise, leaving thousands of patients in pain and discomfort for unacceptably long".

The attack on the off-duty officer happened near Castlederg in May 2008

A man has pleaded guilty to two charges in connection with the attempted murder of a Catholic police officer in County Tyrone in 2008.

Gavin Coyle, 45, from Mullaghmore Drive in Omagh, appeared before Belfast Crown Court on Wednesday.

He admitted to membership of the IRA and a fresh charge of providing a car knowing it would be used for the purposes of terrorism.

The officer was off-duty when a bomb exploded under his car.

It happened as he made his way to work at Spamount, near Castlederg on 12 May 2008.

He suffered serious leg injuries and was rescued by a member of the public who dragged him from the wreckage shortly before it burst into flames.

Gavin Coyle faces two other charges - of attempted murder and causing an explosion likely to endanger life.

A prosecuting barrister told Judge Patricia Smyth that there would be no action at this stage in relation to those two charges, but that they were "not likely to trouble the court".

Gavin Coyle was granted bail and is to reappear before the court on 16 June for a plea hearing.

Climate activists had proposed scrapping plane journeys where train journeys of under four hours existed

France has banned domestic short-haul flights where train alternatives exist, in a bid to cut carbon emissions.

The law came into force two years after lawmakers had voted to end routes where the same journey could be made by train in under two-and-a-half hours.

The ban all but rules out air travel between Paris and cities including Nantes, Lyon and Bordeaux, while connecting flights are unaffected.

Critics have described the latest measures as "symbolic bans".

Laurent Donceel, interim head of industry group Airlines for Europe (A4E), told the AFP news agency that "banning these trips will only have minimal effects" on CO2 output.

He added that governments should instead support "real and significant solutions" to the issue.

Airlines around the world have been severely hit by the coronavirus pandemic, with website Flightradar24 reporting that the number of flights last year was down almost 42% from 2019.

The French government had faced calls to introduce even stricter rules.

France's Citizens' Convention on Climate, which was created by President Emmanuel Macron in 2019 and included 150 members of the public, had proposed scrapping plane journeys where train journeys of under four hours existed.

But this was reduced to two-and-a-half hours after objections from some regions, as well as the airline Air France-KLM.

French consumer group UFC-Que Choisir had earlier called on lawmakers to retain the four-hour limit.

"On average, the plane emits 77 times more CO2 per passenger than the train on these routes, even though the train is cheaper and the time lost is limited to 40 minutes," it said.

It also called for "safeguards that [French national railway] SNCF will not seize the opportunity to artificially inflate its prices or degrade the quality of rail service".
• None Should we get rid of air miles for climate change

A police officer leads Thabo Bester (right) out of the holding cells at the Durban Magistrates Court in 2011

A rapist and murderer who escaped a South African prison by faking his own death has been arrested in Tanzania.

Thabo Bester was at large for a year after it was thought he died by setting himself on fire in his prison cell.

A manhunt was launched last month after a new post-mortem investigation revealed the body was not actually his.

Bester was caught on Friday with his girlfriend and a third suspect and will be extradited to South Africa.

Police said they believe the trio were intending to flee into neighbouring Kenya.

Bester is known as the "Facebook rapist" for using the social networking site to lure his victims.

He was convicted in 2012 for the rape and murder of his model girlfriend Nomfundo Tyhulu. A year earlier, he was found guilty of raping and robbing two other women.

In May, it was reported he had been found dead in his cell after apparently setting himself on fire at the Mangaung Correctional Centre in the city of Bloemfontein.

However, local media began to raise doubts about Bester's death late last year.

In March, police opened a new murder investigation after further tests revealed the deceased was not Bester - and that the unidentified person had died from blunt-force trauma to the head.

Employees of the British-owned security company G4S, which ran the prison where he was held, have been accused of helping him flee.

It has said three employees were dismissed in connection with the incident.

Earlier this week, representatives for the organisation failed to attend a meeting in parliament about Bester's escape. The BBC has approached G4S for comment.

There have been many reported sightings of Bester over the past year, including claims he was grocery shopping in an affluent suburb of Johannesburg, and was living in a rented mansion there.

Bester's escape sparked outrage in South Africa, which has one of the highest rates of sexual assault in the world.
• None Violence against women in S Africa 'like a war'

Rasmus Paludan had threatened to burn a copy of the Quran in Wakefield

A Danish far-right politician has been barred from the UK after threatening to burn a copy of the Quran in Wakefield.

Security minister Tom Tugendhat said Rasmus Paludan, founder of the anti-Islam party Stram Kurs, had been added to the UK's immigration watchlist.

Mr Paludan had said he planned to burn the religious text in a public square in the West Yorkshire city this week.

It comes after four pupils at a Wakefield school were suspended over damage to a copy of the Quran.

In a video posted to Twitter on Sunday, Mr Paludan said he would travel to the city to "fight back" against "undemocratic forces".

He claimed he intended to burn the Quran on Wednesday to coincide with the start of Ramadan.

Mr Paludan has held several previous protests in which the Islamic text was burned, with some leading to violent counter-demonstrations.

In January he burned a copy of the Quran outside the Turkish embassy in Stockholm.

That protest became part of a diplomatic row between Turkey and Sweden - with Turkey now holding up Sweden's application to join Nato.

The security minister told the House of Commons about his intervention after Simon Lightwood, the Labour MP for Wakefield, raised concerns on Monday about Mr Paludan's potential visit.

Mr Lightwood said: "Far-right Islamophic Danish politician Rasmus Paludan said he is going to travel from Denmark to Wakefield for the sole purpose of burning a Quran in a public place.

"Mr Paludan was previously jailed in Denmark for his hateful and racist statements. He is a dangerous man that should not be allowed into this country.

"Can the home secretary assure me and my community that the government is taking action to prevent this?"

Mr Tugendhat said Mr Paludan had been added to to the UK's warnings index.

He added: "His travel to the United Kingdom would not be conducive with the public good and he will not be allowed access."

Four pupils were suspended from Wakefield's Kettlethorpe High School in February after a Year 10 student brought in a Quran, reportedly as part of a dare.

The cover of the Islamic text had been torn and some pages scuffed, but police concluded no offences were committed and the school's headteacher said she was satisfied there was "no malicious intent by those involved".

Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.

Police in France and Belgium say they have arrested 19 members of gangs who sent people fake court summonses that accused them of viewing images of children being sexually abused.

People who received the messages were threatened with prosecution and tricked into paying thousands of dollars in supposed fines.

Police say the scam had been going for more than two years, with at least €3.5m extorted.

At least one victim killed himself.

The man had been stung by the scam on two occasions, first being made to pay €5,978, then another €7,480.

Colonel Thomas Andreu, head of one of the special French police units, said the sums extracted from victims were often larger, in some cases as much as €200,000.

"We thought that the fraud was being run by one central structure," said Col Andreu. "However, it turned out to be several little teams which were not linked."

Eighteen people were arrested in France on Monday and one in Belgium. All were aged between 20 and 50.

All but three suspects were ordered to appear in court on fraud charges.

The Paris prosecutor's office opened an investigation after the scam began at the start of 2021. By June of the following year it had received 400 complaints relating to it.

Authorities are still trying to understand how many people were affected and believe that six others who were targeted may also have killed themselves.

Commissioner Christophe Durand of the French anti-cybercrime unit said the "victims had suffered real distress".

The scammers spent some of the money they extorted in France, though the majority of it was sent to the Ivory Coast and other African countries.

Red Bull's Max Verstappen is top of the drivers' championship but his lead has been cut to four points following his retirement in Australia. As Formula 1 heads to the iconic Suzuka circuit for the Japanese Grand Prix this weekend, BBC Sport F1 correspondent Andrew Benson answers your questions. Is Toto Wolff's position under scrutiny? Third year the car has underperformed drastically, no improvement in sight, top driver leaving. Andrew: Over the past couple of years since Mercedes started struggling in Formula 1, reports that Toto Wolff's position might be under threat have periodically emerged. These misunderstand Wolff's position at Mercedes, where he is chief executive officer and team principal at the F1 team and director of Mercedes motorsport. Wolff is a one-third owner of the team. Mercedes itself and Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Ineos company also own one-third each. So he can't be sacked in the same way as a football manager might be.

After the Australian Grand Prix, when it became clear that Mercedes were still struggling to understand their car, Wolff was asked whether he felt he was still the right person to lead the team. He said: "As a co-owner of this business, I need to make sure my contribution is positive and creative. I would be the first one to say if somebody has a better idea, tell me, because I am interested to turn this team around as quickly as possible. "We have a physics problem and not a philosophical or organisational problem. Because we haven't taken a dumb pill since 2021. It's just we don't understand some of the behaviours of the car that in the past we would have always understood." Sam: Daniel Ricciardo's form doesn't look good enough to get a Red Bull seat. Yuki Tsunoda looks unlikely too. Who gets the seat if Max Verstappen or Sergio Perez goes? Andrew: At the moment, neither Ricciardo nor Tsunoda are likely to get a Red Bull seat in 2025 if either Verstappen or Perez leave. Ricciardo has been out-performed by Tsunoda since he returned to F1 midway through last season - it looks at the moment as if the Australian has yet to recover the form he previously showed at Red Bull and Renault before his dip after joining McLaren. And Ricciardo is at risk of being dropped before too long this season and being replaced at RB by reserve driver Liam Lawson, who impressed when he stood in for Ricciardo last season. And Red Bull motorsport adviser Helmut Marko does not rate Tsunoda, who was forced on him by engine partner Honda. Some inside RB say that is unfair, and that Tsunoda has been performing at an elite level so far this season. But Marko remains to be convinced. That being the case, the contenders for any vacant Red Bull seat are the same ones as those for any other vacant seat at a top team - with Fernando Alonso and Carlos Sainz at the top of the list of potentials. Peter Gilmour: Is F1 becoming a closed shop for new drivers? Could there be a type of promotion/relegation with the drivers from F2? Andrew: No, it's not. Oliver Bearman's performance in Saudi Arabia has made it extremely likely that he will get a seat in F1 next year. And Mercedes are nurturing their 17-year-old protege Andrea Kimi Antonelli for a move to F1, perhaps as early as next year. If young drivers are good enough, they will get an F1 opportunity. There is no appetite for a formal promotion-relegation of drivers from F2. That's not how driver selection works. It's not a league system. David Dunford: With the cost cap restricting teams in funding, improvements and reliability of cars, should there not be a better way to allow teams to catch up? Andrew: The bosses of F1 would argue that the cost cap and the other systems in place to try to level the field need to be given time to work. Remember that as well as the budget cap, there is a sliding scales of restrictions on aerodynamic research, with the most successful teams permitted the least and the least successful the most. This has only been in place since 2021 and it will inevitably take time to have an effect. The field spread has come down dramatically in that period - from 2.4 seconds between the fastest and slowest cars on average in qualifying in 2020 to 1.4secs last year. David Irvine: Is the DRS automatic or is it controlled by the drivers? Has there ever been a penalty for using it incorrectly and are drivers monitored? Andrew: The DRS (drag-reduction system) overtaking aid is driver-operated. He presses a button on the steering wheel when he crosses the line that marks the start of a zone where it may be used. It only works if the car is within the requisite one second of the car in front. It shuts automatically when he hits the brakes.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Leah Croucher's coffin was pulled by a horse drawn carriage through the streets of Milton Keynes

Mourners cried as they lined the streets to pay their respects to teenager Leah Croucher.

The 19-year-old's body was found in the loft of a house in Milton Keynes in October. It is thought she was killed by a sex offender who has since died.

Her funeral cortege left Emerson Valley at about 10:50 GMT and headed through Furzton, Shenley Brook End, Shenley Church End and Grange Farm.

A private service has been held at Crownhill Crematorium.

Her family had welcomed people to line the route of the cortege, which was about 3.5 miles (5.6km) long.

Floral tributes featuring her name were laid next to the coffin in the hearse, which was accompanied by a basket with stuffed toys.

Members of the public have lined the street to pay their respects to the teenager

The horses that pulled the hearse were draped in flags bearing the crest of Gryffindor House from the Harry Potter franchise.

Other mourners were seen wearing red and gold scarves - the colours of the house in the books and films.

Crowds who lined the route, some in tears, were thanked by the undertaker for turning out despite the rain.

Others held heart-shaped balloons reading "fly high" and "reach for the skies".

Some mourners cried and others held balloons as they paid respects to Ms Croucher

Leah Croucher's family will hold a private funeral for the teenager, more than four years after she went missing

The Church of the Servant King opened its doors for members of the community to remember Ms Croucher.

Rev Mike Morris said his "thoughts and prayers" were with Ms Croucher's family "at this heart-breaking time".

Police searched a house in Furzton last year following a tip-off and discovered Ms Croucher's remains, a rucksack and other items belonging to her.

Neil Maxwell, a convicted sex offender who was found dead two months after Ms Croucher's disappearance, remains the only suspect in the case.

Ms Croucher was last seen walking to work on 15 February 2019.

Leah's parents, Claire and John Croucher, welcomed people to stand along the cortege route

Find BBC News: East of England on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. If you have a story suggestion email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The drama is produced by Vox Pictures and directed by Huw Chiswell

Netflix is streaming a Welsh language drama for the first time.

S4C's Dal y Mellt is a crime drama airing under a new title, Rough Cut.

It is the first solely Welsh-language production to be shown on the global streaming service.

Dal y Mellt - which translates as Catch The Lightning - was released as a box set on S4C Clic and BBC iPlayer in October and is an adaptation of Iwan "Iwcs" Roberts' debut novel.

Set in Cardiff, Soho, Porthmadog and Holyhead, it follows a group of misfits as they come together to pull off a heist.

S4C's head of scripted Gwenllian Gravelle said it was a milestone for the channel.

"There's an appetite for more drama, and I think we offer something unique through our productions," she said.

"This means our dramas will have more exposure.

"It possibly means more co-productions with the big streamers. That means bigger budgets for us."

Welsh productions are at the "edge of a golden era" according to film critic Lowri Cooke

Netflix said it hoped it could play a role in helping to "promote and preserve the Welsh language".

Roberts also wrote the TV script and co-produced the drama with Llyr Morus.

Film and TV critic Lowri Cooke said: "I do believe that we're standing on the edge of a golden era. But we have to have the internal confidence to kick the doors wide open.

"Some of the most exciting elements are the Welsh genre productions we see in our cinemas. That is, drama, horror and thriller productions in our own language. That's mind blowing."

Ed Thomas' production of Pren ar y Bryn/Tree on a Hill is being filmed in both Welsh and English

Nearly a decade ago the English version of the detective thriller Y Gwyll/Hinterland was sold internationally, with a number of bilingual series since following the same pattern.

It was produced and directed by Ed Thomas, whose latest production Pren ar y Bryn/Tree on a Hill is also being filmed in both languages.

"At the moment, we have the same model as we had with Y Gwyll, filming back-to-back," he said, adding an English version could been needed to secure funding.

Welsh director Ed Thomas says series need to be made bilingually to get funding

While taking pride in the success of Dal y Mellt, Mr Thomas said there was "a long way to go" before productions got enough funding for Welsh-only versions that sell internationally.

"That's what we have to target is to ensure, that if we're on Netflix or Apple or Amazon Prime or whatever it is, that they also follow it up with real investment in the Welsh language."

Ms Gravelle said now was the time to take advantage of audiences getting accustomed to watching programmes in different languages using subtitles.

"As we've been watching over the last few years, really popular series that aren't in English like Squid Games, Lupin and Money Heist that shows if you have a good story, and if you have good drama, it will travel."

Recep Tayyip Erdogan (left) refuses to ostracise Russia's leader Vladimir Putin after he launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine

You can spot Turkey's global strategic significance - which has starkly increased against the backdrop of the Ukraine war - by the A-list potpourri of world leaders who rushed to congratulate Recep Tayyip Erdogan on his election win on Sunday night.

First out of the box was Russian President Vladimir Putin.

He was so keen to stroke the ego of his Turkish counterpart and fellow "strongman" leader that he didn't even wait for the official results of the vote before singling out Mr Erdogan's "independent foreign policy" as a reason for his victory.

We can safely assume the Turkish policy that Russia is particularly fond of is Mr Erdogan's refusal to ostracise the Kremlin after its full-scale invasion of Ukraine, even as Turkey's allies in Nato imposed sanctions and slashed their energy reliance on Russia.

Trade between Turkey and Russia even increased significantly since the start of the war in Ukraine.

But also hot on Mr Putin's congratulatory heels on Sunday were US President Joe Biden and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron.

Despite their dislike of Mr Erdogan's cosying up to the Kremlin and his slashing of free speech and democratic norms at home during his first two decades in power, to them Turkey is a crucial - if difficult and unpredictable - ally of the West.

Turkey is a key member of the Nato military alliance, taking part in all its missions.

Mr Erdogan may maintain close ties with Russia - but he also provides military aid to Ukraine.

He famously brokered a deal whereby Russia ended a blockade on Ukraine grain supplies, allowing them to flow to parts of the world that rely on them. He also - after long hesitation - gave his official approval to Russia's neighbour Finland joining Nato.

Once a passionate advocate of Turkey joining the EU, Mr Erdogan these days speaks of "making Turkey great again".

For him, that has entailed having a more independent foreign policy. Over the years, he's developed highly transactional relationships with all his allies.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The White House has made no secret of its impatience to try to persuade Mr Erdogan to approve Nato membership for Sweden too.

Sweden would provide important Baltic Sea cover for the alliance against Russia.

The West hopes the dire state of Turkey's economy - and the likelihood that Mr Erdogan will have to concentrate on stabilising finances and attracting foreign investment - could prove a soft spot to push for Sweden's Nato accession as a quid pro quo.

Turkey and Hungary are the only Nato countries still blocking Stockholm's membership.

President Macron, meanwhile, worries about migration to the EU and hopes to win assurances from President Erdogan as soon as possible.

During the migration crisis of 2015 more than a million refugees and asylum seekers - mainly from Syria - made the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to the EU in people-smugglers' boats.

Brussels subsequently made a deal with Turkey. In exchange for a large sum of money and visa-free travel for Turks into the EU - the latter never fully arrived because of EU objections to Mr Erdogan's jailing of critics and political opponents - the Turkish president would do his best to prevent migrants without papers leaving Turkish waters to reach the bloc.

But swelling numbers of Syrian refugees at home proved extremely unpopular with Turkish voters.

This month, every political party running in Turkey's parliamentary elections promised to take action to solve "the migrant issue".

The EU frets about the prospect of refugees being pushed back by Turkey into Syria at risk to their safety - and of Turkey allowing people smugglers free rein again to send boats of asylum seekers and other migrants over the Mediterranean.

Brussels is also on the defensive as EU member Greece is involved in a number of disputes with Mr Erdogan centred on the Aegean Sea, while EU member Cyprus is still seething after Mr Erdogan called for a two-state solution (Greek and Turkish) to decades-long divisions there following a Turkish invasion nearly 50 years ago.

The West used to describe Turkey's strategic importance as the bridge between Europe and the Middle East - but Russia's invasion of Ukraine has transformed Turkey's status.

Few expect big foreign policy surprises from Mr Erdogan as he enters his third decade in power. But Ankara's strategic allies are watching very closely indeed.

A 14-year-old girl died and five other people were injured in the blaze

A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 14-year-old girl died in a fire at a block of flats in east London.

The girl was found in a second-floor flat that was damaged in the blaze in Tollgate Road, Beckton, at about 17:30 BST on Thursday.

Five people were also injured but have since been discharged from hospital, Scotland Yard said.

Detectives said they were treating the fire as arson.

Witness Rahina Begum said the flames "went up very quickly, within a few seconds".

Ms Begum, who lives opposite the flats, added: "In 10 to 15 seconds the whole building was on fire, from the bottom to the top.

"The flames were so high. Somebody dying is so sad."

Resident Virginia Lusambulu described people in "panic" as they jumped from the burning flats

A second neighbour, who did not wish to be named, described seeing people jump from the building to try to escape.

London Fire Brigade (LFB) said the stairwell from the ground floor to the second floor was destroyed by flames.

It added firefighters discovered the teenage girl in a flat on the second floor, half of which was badly damaged.

She was pronounced dead at the scene.

Resident Virginia Lusambulu said: "It was terrible. It was a big, big fire.

"Someone said to me that children were jumping from the top... it was panic."

People have been hugging in Tollgate Road at the scene of the fire

Throughout the day, people have been laying floral tributes close to this small block flats.

Many of them hug as they do so, visibly upset by what has happened here.

Passers-by stop to a look at the largely windowless second floor.

Police forensics teams have been assessing the scene for clues as to what might have caused the fire they are now treating as arson.

The police cordon has expanded, along with the number of emergency service personnel, as the seriousness with which this is being taken becomes apparent.

I've seen footage of some people desperate to escape from the top floor of the burning building, jumping on to mattresses laid out on the ground by quick-thinking neighbours.

Tollgate Road is cordoned off and restrictions are in place on surrounding roads

Six fire engines and about 40 firefighters responded to the call at about 17:25 and had the fire under control just after 18:30, LFB said.

London Ambulance Service said five ambulance crews and the air ambulance attended the scene.

Tollgate Road remains cordoned off and restrictions are in place on surrounding roads.

Ch Supt Simon Crick said his thoughts were with the girl's family and friends.

"Incidents such as these send shockwaves through our communities and I don't underestimate the impact this will have in the local area and beyond," he said.

Det Ch Insp Joanna Yorke urged anyone with information to contact the force immediately.

Detectives are treating the incident as arson

The cause of the fire is being investigated by LFB and Met Police.

LFB's borough commander for Newham, Richard Arnold, said crews would remain in the area and offer support and advice to residents.

"This was a very tragic incident and our crews who attended the scene are receiving support from our counselling and trauma service," he added.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: US Vice-President Kamala Harris says those involved in atrocities "will be held to account"

The US has "formally determined" that Russia had committed crimes against humanity in Ukraine, US Vice-President Kamala Harris has said.

Speaking at the Munich Security Conference, Ms Harris accused Russia of "gruesome acts of murder, torture, rape and deportation" since its invasion.

Moscow's ambassador to the US rejected the claims and accused Ms Harris of trying to "demonise Russia".

World leaders at the conference called for long-term support of Ukraine.

UK PM Rishi Sunak said now was the time to "double down" on military support.

The prime minister argued that Western allies must start planning for the future security of Ukraine, as well as sending the weapons it needs to defend itself now.

The conference in Germany comes as the one-year anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine approaches on 24 February.

Ms Harris told delegates that the perpetrators of alleged Russian crimes in Ukraine must be held to account.

"Their actions are an assault on our common values and our common humanity," she said.

The UN defines crimes against humanity as a "widespread or systemic attack" on a particular civilian population.

Moscow has repeatedly denied targeting civilians during its invasion.

Anatoly Antonov, Russia's ambassador to the US, said the vice-president's claims were a cynical attempt to "demonise Russia in the course of a hybrid war".

They were a way of "justifying Washington's own actions to fuel the Ukrainian crisis", he added, referring to the US supply of arms to Kyiv.

But Ms Harris, a former prosecutor, was adamant that "in the case of Russia's actions in Ukraine we have examined the evidence, we know the legal standards, and there is no doubt: these are crimes against humanity".

She cited "barbaric and inhumane" atrocities committed during the war in Ukraine, including the scores of bodies found in Bucha shortly after the invasion and the bombing of a theatre in Mariupol.

"Let us all agree: on behalf of all the victims, both known and unknown, justice must be served," Ms Harris said.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Crimes against humanity are tried at the International Criminal Court (ICC).

But the ICC has no powers to arrest suspects and can only exercise jurisdiction within countries which signed up to the agreement that set up the court.

Russia is not a signatory to that agreement, so it is unlikely to extradite any suspects.

The three-day gathering in Munich will provide a key test of Western support for Kyiv as both sides in the war prepare for spring offensives.

Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Moscow had "waged a genocidal war" because it did not think Ukrainians "deserve to exist as a sovereign nation".

Tens of thousands have lost their lives and millions have been forced from their homes as part of Vladimir Putin's invasion.

This conference has largely been a gathering of American and European leaders. It's a chance for them to reaffirm their support for Ukraine and demonstrate their resolve.

Rishi Sunak called for a new Nato charter to guarantee Ukraine's long-term security. Kamala Harris formally accused Russia of committing crimes against humanity.

But in the margins, there have been voices of doubt.

Take the prime minister of Namibia, Saara Kuugongelwa-Amadhila. She opposed sending more arms to Ukraine and called for a peaceful resolution to the war. Her country, she said, had suffered recession, rising prices and disrupted supply chains.

It's opinions like that, widely held cross Africa, Asia and South America, that are concentrating transatlantic minds.

There is realisation among Western policymakers that almost one year after Russia's invasion, they need to remake the case for defending Ukraine.

Russia was also on the agenda during a meeting on Saturday between the Antony Blinken and Wang Yi, the US and China's top foreign policy officials.

During talks at the conference in Munich, Mr Blinken warned of consequences if China were to provide material support to Russia's invasion.

Mr Blinken is expected to suggest China is "at least contemplating providing" lethal assistance to Russia in an interview to be aired on Sunday morning on NBC News.

The latest season of Never Have I Ever helped to fuel subscription gains

A burst of people signed up for Netflix this spring, after the streaming giant cracked down on password sharing.

The company ended June with more than 238 million subscribers, adding 5.9 million members since March.

That was bigger than expected and follows efforts by the company to re-ignite growth following unusual subscriber losses last spring.

It is also facing challenges from ongoing strikes in the US by writers and actors.

Netflix said it would spend less on content this year than expected as a result of the walkout - the industry's biggest in six decades, while boss Ted Sarandos said "we need to get this strike to a conclusion".

"This strike is not an outcome that we wanted," he said. He said the company was committed to reaching an "equitable" agreement that helped the industry move into the future.

But he added: "We've got a lot of work to do."

Netflix has been wrestling with a sharp slowdown in growth since the pandemic, as competition heats up, households grapple with rising costs and it reaches what analysts see as saturation point in some of its biggest markets.

In the first half of last year, it shed roughly 1 million accounts. Though it later more than made up those losses, the declines jolted the company and sent it scrambling to shore up its growth prospects.

The latest season of the Witcher has been popular with Netflix viewers in July

Netflix said customers were enticed by new options it has introduced that cost less than a standard subscription.

The company introduced its "paid sharing" programme in the UK, US and other major markets in May, charging an extra fee if users want to share passwords with people outside their households.

In the UK, it asks a little less than half of the £10.99 cost of a standard subscription.

The programme is now present in more than 100 countries.

The company also launched a less expensive streaming plan with ads last year and cut prices in dozens of countries in February.

Netflix said few people had cancelled as a result of the password changes and it believed the programme would fuel similar subscriber gains in the months ahead.

It has estimated that more than 100 million households share passwords in breach of its official rules.

"While we're still in the early stages, we're seeing healthy conversion of borrower households," the company said in a quarterly update to investors. "Now that we've launched paid sharing broadly we have increased confidence in our financial outlook."

Paolo Pescatore, analyst at PP Foresight, said the subscriber gains were robust and a "strong endorsement" of Netflix's strategy.

But he called the password crackdown a short-term measure, saying the company would need to fine-tune its pricing in the months ahead.

"The company is still in a far stronger position compared to rivals and remains the benchmark," he said, noting that Netflix's streaming plan with advertising is much cheaper than many current offerings from rivals.

Analysts said the company's big library and the scale of its international production may help it in the months ahead, as Hollywood wrestles with the impact of the strikes.

These have already disrupted production schedules for a number of films and series.

"Of everyone in the entertainment industry, Netflix appears to be the best positioned," said Brandon Katz, entertainment industry strategist at Parrot Analytics, which tracks streaming demand, noting that the company still leads its peers, despite strong competition.

Despite the subscriber gains, the $8.18bn (£6.32bn) in revenue Netflix reported disappointed investors, rising just 2.7% from last year. Profits were $1.49bn.

Netflix said that it has limited its price hikes in recent months, leading to a slowdown in revenue growth that gains from its password crackdown and new advertising were not big enough to offset.

It said it expected that to change by the end of this year, as advertising revenue increases.

It has stopped offering its least expensive commercial-free plan in the US, UK and Canada in a bid to push price-conscious customers to the ad-funded version.

Membership of its ads plan "nearly doubled" from March - though from a "small base", the company said.

"Netflix needs to squeeze as much juice as it can from different avenues, given a recent lack of price increases could suggest that inflation is starting to bite Netflix's ability to crank up its subscription price, as households look to trim their spending," said Sophie Lund-Yates, lead equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown.

"Initial progress seems positive, but we are realms away from knowing for sure if this venture is the cash cow it's been sold as."

Shares, which have surged 60% this year amid investor enthusiasm for the company's plans, dipped in after-hours trade.

Ms Lund-Yates said the company had delivered a "sturdy" performance and the fall reflected the high expectations for the company.

This video can not be played

To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Former Labour MP Paul Clark was sentenced to two years and four months in prison

A former Labour MP who shared child abuse material has been jailed.

Paul Clark, who represented Gillingham in Kent for 13 years, was caught with more than 1,400 images on five electronic devices.

During his career, Clark worked as a parliamentary private secretary to deputy Prime Minister John Prescott and education secretary Ed Balls.

At Maidstone Crown Court, the 66-year-old was sentenced to two years and four months in prison.

Following his arrest in May 2021, Clark's devices were seized for analysis and officers recovered more than 1,400 indecent images of children.

He was subsequently charged with three counts of making indecent images of children and six counts of distributing indecent images of children between April 2013 and May 2021.

The court heard that when Clark was arrested, he initially made no comment, but later told officers, "I know why you're here", and "I kept telling myself to stop".

The former politician's defence barrister, Ronnie Manek KC, said Clark was "a man full of remorse and regret".

The court heard there was no evidence that any of the offending took place while Clark was in office.

Catrin Attwell from the Crown Prosecution Service's organised child sexual abuse unit said the examination of Clark's electronic devices revealed imagery of children as young as three.

"The electronic devices also revealed chatlogs in which Clark discussed his sexual desires, distributed indecent images of children to others for their sexual gratification and used social media to identify and talk to users under the age of 18," she said.

Clark has also been issued with a 10-year sexual harm prevention order and must sign the sex offenders register.

Danielle Pownall, National Crime Agency (NCA) operations manager, said: "Behind a significant number of images in Clark's possession was a vulnerable child being abused, just to satisfy paedophiles.

"He helped fuel the sickening trade in this material by downloading the images and sending them on to other offenders. In doing so, he also re-victimised every child."

Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on Twitter, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Met Gala: Lizzo and Sir James Galway get suited and fluted

US singer Lizzo has written a gushing tribute to her musical idol - and fellow flautist - Sir James Galway after they duetted at the Met Gala.

The pair performed for sharply-dressed guests at the prestigious fashion event in New York on Monday night.

For Lizzo it was an opportunity to play with her hero; for Sir James it was late-night rehearsals, trips to the Vogue offices and keeping big secrets.

"It was amazing - she is a very good player," said Belfast-born Sir James.

He told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme that he "really enjoyed" the gig and he praised Lizzo's performance.

Nicknamed "the man with the golden flute", 83-year-old Sir James is a world-renowned classical musician and has previously claimed to be Lizzo's number-one fan.

The adoration is clearly mutual.

This Instagram post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Instagram The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip instagram post by lizzobeeating This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s Instagram cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

In an Instagram post on Wednesday night Lizzo shared a video of her playing with Sir James and said he had "changed the trajectory" of her life.

She wrote that when she was 11 years old and learning the flute she needed a challenge and found Sir James's 1976 album The Man With The Golden Flute.

She added: "Now, years later I had the honour to play beside Sir James Galway, and receive lessons from him and even play his alto flute.

"I can confidently say I wouldn't be the musician I am today without his influence.

"Thank you for everything this week. You are truly the King of Flutes and I can't wait to play with you again."

The annual Met Gala is one of the biggest events in the New York celebrity calendar, raising money for the city's Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Tickets are rumoured to cost upwards of $50,000 (£40,000) and the 400 or so guests are handpicked by organiser Anna Wintour, Vogue's editor-in-chief.

Big, bold fashion statements are the order of the night and this year the guests were asked to wear outfits in honour of German designer Karl Lagerfeld, who died in 2019.

Lizzo, pictured on the red carpet at Monday's Met Gala, is best known for massive pop hits such as Good As Hell, About Damn Time and Juice

Lizzo dazzled in a long, black gown donned with strings of pearls and wore matching black leather gloves and Chanel earrings.

The Grammy-winning singer and classically-trained flute player was chosen as the performer for Monday's event and she and Sir James duetted on The Flight Of The Bumblebee.

Sir James and his wife live in Switzerland but were in New York to visit friends and family when they were invited to join Lizzo at the gala.

Speaking to BBC News NI, he praised Lizzo as a "great entertainer".

"When she gets on the stage she takes full command," he said.

"It was quite funny - they wanted to give us chairs and Lizzo complained so they came up with these two thrones.

"I was definitely impressed, she was very respectful."

His wife Lady Jeanne Galway said they had been sworn to secrecy ahead of the event but ultimately had a spectacular night.

Sir James Galway has sold tens of millions of records in a career spanning six decades

"When we first met Lizzo at the rehearsal on Saturday at 11pm at night she came and she bowed down to my husband and said what an honour it was," she said.

"She kept saying to me: 'I'm so nervous, I'm so nervous, he's my idol.'"

Lady Galway said the performance was centred around the flute "and that's why they wanted Sir James".

"It started with 18 flautists planted around the hall and they're in incredible costumes.

"It was the most elegant group and they were so quiet when Sir James and Lizzo were playing."

Lady Galway, also a famous flautist who regularly duets on tour with her husband, spoke of her amazement at the Met Gala.

Lizzo often plays a flute during her live performances

"We had to sign more forms to secrecy that Sir James was playing," she said.

"And when we got invited Sir James said, typically: 'Ah, I don't think I want to get involved in this. This is going to be very complicated.'

"But the team is so professional and they brought us down by car to Vogue and they would give him anything he wanted to wear.

"They refitted my gold dress with pearls and they couldn't have been kinder.

"[The performance] was spectacular - it was a minute-and-a-half on stage but it was a strong minute-and-a-half.

"Then they went into the rest of the gala and the afterparty and we went home."

Selena Lau, eight, was "intelligent, cheeky and loved"

A former pupil and residents near a school where an eight-year-old girl died when a Land Rover crashed through a wall have been paying tribute.

Flowers and tributes have been left at the Wimbledon school after police removed the cordon.

Several people including a baby girl were taken to hospital after the incident at The Study Preparatory School on Thursday.

An eight-year-old girl and a woman in her 40s remain in a critical condition.

People came to pay their respects on Saturday at Wilberforce House

A 46-year-old woman who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving has been released on bail.

Amelia, 19, attended The Study Preparatory School in 2015. She and her brother laid flowers down on Saturday afternoon to pay their respects.

"I think the Study is a tightly knit community, it's quite a small school so even after people left, we are all together," she said.

"We came to pay our respects because it's not just a school, it's a community as well."

Max Austin, a councillor for Wimbledon, said his sister also used to attend.

"This is normally a very happy time here, everything is decorated for the tennis, the kids will get involved with it and the schools. There's a sort of crude juxtaposition between the festive atmosphere here in Wimbledon and now this," he said.

In a statement released earlier Selena was described by her family as an intelligent and cheeky girl. An end-of-term tea party had been taking place at the south-west London school when the Land Rover crashed through the fence and into a building.

Parents with a young child paid their respects at the scene of the crash and said everyone had been affected by it.

"Everyone is questioning how it could've happened," they said.

People came to leave flowers by The Study Preparatory School

Thomas Barlow, a councillor for Wimbledon Village, said everyone was shocked and it was horrendous it could happen on the last day of term.

"The whole village is in shock, a lot of the people had connections to this school," he said.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The club said no current directors or senior managers were involved in price fixing

Leicester City faces a fine of up to £880,000 for colluding to fix the price of replica football kits, the UK's competition regulator has said.

The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said the club and retailer JD Sports had admitted to anti-competitive behaviour, including "price fixing conduct".

It said both broke competition law between 2018 and 2021 with an illegal deal on clothing sales.

The club has accepted the CMA findings.

The 2015-16 Premier League champions, and their parent companies, have subsequently agreed to pay a fine up to the maximum penalty of £880,000, the CMA said.

JD Sports will avoid a fine after reporting the illegal activity.

JD Sports said it signed a leniency agreement with the CMA last month

The provisional findings of a CMA investigation revealed that, in August 2018, JD Sports said it would stop selling Leicester City-branded clothing online for the 2018-19 season, and in January 2019, JD Sports agreed it would "not undercut" the club in terms of online sales for the following season by making Leicester City items exempt from free delivery.

It said JD Sports continued the agreement to sell all Leicester City clothing with the delivery charge until at least January 2021.

Michael Grenfell, the CMA's executive director of enforcement, said: "Strong and unimpeded competition between retailers is essential to consumers' ability to shop around for the best deals.

"Football fans are well-known for their loyalty towards their teams.

"In this case we have provisionally found that Leicester City FC and JD Sports colluded to share out markets and fix prices with the result that fans may have ended up paying more than they would otherwise have done.

"Both parties have now admitted their involvement, allowing us to bring the investigation to a swift conclusion.

"The fine that Leicester City FC and its parent companies have agreed to pay sends a clear message to them and other businesses that anti-competitive collusion will not be tolerated."

The club, which was relegated to the Championship last season, stressed none of its current directors or senior management were involved in the arrangements.

"These arrangements related to a limited number of bulk orders by JD Sports, which were accepted by the club's retail sales team over the relevant period," it said in a statement.

"There was no intention on the part of the club to unlawfully restrict the resale of the goods supplied and no material financial advantage to be gained from doing so, given the limited amount of kit supplied to JD Sports.

"However, the club accepts the CMA's findings and has taken steps to strengthen its training and compliance measures to ensure the club's retail operations fully comply with competition law."

JD Sports also said no current or former directors or senior management of JD were involved in the offending conduct and that it signed a leniency agreement with the CMA last month.

The company added: "JD has taken a number of steps to strengthen its competition compliance programme and the board reaffirms its commitment to making the necessary resource available, internal and external, to ensure that this is embedded into its daily operations."

The announcement come almost a year after JD Sports, its rival Elite Sports and Rangers Football Club were handed fines over price fixing on replica kits.

Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Dominik Zaum and the annexe (double doors on left) to his house hosting two Ukrainian refugees

Halifax has apologised for rejecting a customer's mortgage application because the home owner is hosting two Ukrainian refugees.

Dominik Zaum and his family have had a mother and her young daughter staying with them in an annexe since June 2022.

When his mortgage came up for renewal, he applied for one with Halifax.

But Dominik was refused after Halifax said there was a risk he could rent out the space for commercial gain in the future.

"We were very surprised by this because we've never rented it out, we're not renting it out now... and we have no intention of renting it out in the future," he said.

Dominik has what he describes as a small "granny" flat attached to his house. It is one self-contained room with a kitchenette and a small bathroom accessed by its own door.

He is part of the Homes for Ukraine scheme which started just over a year ago to help rehome refugees who fled the country following Russia's invasion in February 2022.

So far, according to government figures 153,000 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in the UK and research suggests most of them have stayed.

To help with the expense of housing refugees, hosts are provided with £350 per month for the first 12 months and £500 for each month after that point.

Like millions of other fixed-rate mortgage holders in the UK, Dominik's loan was coming up for renewal this year so he decided to look around for a new deal.

And that's when the trouble - and worry - started.

Halifax sent someone to value Dominik's home.

He said: "We spoke directly with the valuer before, when he came and looked at our house."

But Dominik said "When we contacted the Halifax through our broker they said they could not provide us with a mortgage because we were providing accommodation to a Ukrainian family and therefore there was a significant risk that we would rent out the room commercially in the future."

Halifax has since apologised for "the confusion" after being contacted by Money Box and has offered Dominik a mortgage deal.

But Dominik claims the only reason Halifax backed down is because Money Box started to investigate. "We raised it twice with the Halifax through our mortgage broker and nothing changed," he said.

"It is very unfortunate that it took Money Box to get a response."

Halifax said it is "very sorry for the confusion" and is very supportive of the Homes for Ukraine scheme and that it wouldn't decline a mortgage application on this basis.

"Having reviewed the application again, we've now issued an offer and the application will proceed as normal," it said.

Millions of Ukrainians have fled the country because of Russia's invasion

Halifax said the valuer did not appreciate the informal nature of the tenancy, and this was reflected in their report where they noted the property was unsuitable for these lending purposes and given a zero valuation.

Dominik said that he was worried that Halifax's refusal could have been mirrored by the rest of the lending sector. "We did not know at the time if other banks might have reacted similarly," he said.

"We have since secured a mortgage with another bank so, fortunately, it has not had any impact on our finances."

He added: "Had we not been able to secure a new mortgage we would have moved from a fixed-term mortgage to a higher rate and cost us over £9,000 a year."

The government has advised people who are hosting refugees through the Homes for Ukraine scheme to keep any interested parties informed.

Are you part of the Homes for Ukraine scheme and hosting a family, or know someone who is? Have you had any problems like Dominik? Email us your stories to moneybox@bbc.co.uk

You can hear more on this story on BBC Radio 4's Money Box podcast available shortly after broadcast by clicking here.

A Ukrainian soldier fires towards Russian positions outside Bakhmut in November

More than 20,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in fighting in Ukraine since December, the US estimates.

A further 80,000 have been wounded, National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said, citing newly declassified intelligence.

Half of the dead are from the Wagner mercenary company, who have been attacking the eastern Bakhmut city.

Russia has been trying to take the small city since last year in a grinding war of attrition.

Moscow currently holds most of Bakhmut, but Ukrainian troops still control a small portion of the city in the west. The fierce battle has taken on huge symbolic importance for both sides.

Ukrainian officials have also said they are using the battle to kill as many of Russia's troops as possible and wear down its reserves.

"Russia's attempt at an offensive in the Donbas [region] largely through Bakhmut has failed," Mr Kirby told reporters. "Russia has been unable to seize any real strategic and significant territory.

"We estimate that Russia has suffered more than 100,000 casualties, including over 20,000 killed in action," he added.

The toll in Bakhmut accounts for losses since the start of December, according to the US figures.

"The bottom line is that Russia's attempted offensive has backfired after months of fighting and extraordinary losses," Mr Kirby said.

He added he was not giving estimates of Ukrainian casualties because "they are the victims here. Russia is the aggressor".

The BBC is unable to independently verify the figures given and Moscow has not commented.

A local resident pushes his bicycle down a street in Bakhmut in January

The capture of the city would bring Russia slightly closer to its goal of controlling the whole of Donetsk region, one of four regions in eastern and southern Ukraine annexed by Russia last September following referendums widely condemned outside Russia as a sham.

Analysts say Bakhmut has little strategic value, but has become a focal point for Russian commanders, who have struggled to deliver any positive news to the Kremlin.

The Wagner mercenary group - which widely uses convicts and has become notorious for its often inhumane methods - has taken centre stage in the Russian assault on Bakhmut.

Its leader, Yevgeny Prigozhin, has staked his reputation, and that of his private army, on seizing the city.

But he recently threatened to pull his troops out of Bakhmut.

In a rare in-depth interview to a prominent Russian war blogger, he vowed to withdraw Wagner fighters if they were not provided with much-needed ammunition by the Russian defence ministry.

Wagner fighters could be redeployed to Mali, he warned.

He has often clashed with Russia's defence ministry during the war, accusing officials of not providing his fighters with enough support.

Mr Prigozhin also called upon the Russian media and military leadership to "stop lying to the Russian population" ahead of an expected Ukrainian spring counteroffensive.

"We need to stop lying to the Russian population, telling them everything is all right," he said.

He praised the Ukrainian military's "good, correct military operations" and command.

A top Ukrainian general said on Monday that counterattacks had ousted Russian forces from some positions in Bakhmut, but the situation remained "difficult".

New Russian units, including paratroopers and fighters from Wagner, are being "constantly thrown into battle" despite taking heavy losses, Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi, the commander of Ukraine's ground forces, said on Telegram.

"But the enemy is unable to take control of the city," he said.

Israeli's defence minister has been sacked after he spoke out against controversial plans to overhaul the justice system.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu summoned Yoav Gallant to a meeting and told him he no longer had faith in him as defence minister.

The plan to limit the powers of the judiciary led to months of protests.

Tens of thousands of protestors returned to the streets on Sunday night following Mr Gallant's dismissal.

In Jerusalem, police and soldiers used water cannon against demonstrators near Mr Netanyahu's house.

The leaders of the protest accuse Mr Netanyahu of behaving like a dictator and destroying the security of Israel.

The new law makes it harder for courts to remove a leader deemed unfit for office, which has angered many who consider it in the interests of the incumbent, Benjamin Netanyahu, who is on trial for corruption.

The leader of the opposition, Yair Lapid, described Mr Gallant's sacking as a new low for the government, while Mr Gallant himself has described the planned legislation as an "immediate and tangible danger" to state security.

In a brief televised statement on Saturday night, Mr Gallant said members of the Israeli Defence Forces were angry and disappointed, with an intensity he had never seen before.

Shortly after his dismissal a day later, Mr Gallant wrote on Twitter: "The state of Israel's security has always been and will always be my life's mission."

The defence minister had won the backing of some fellow members of Mr Netanyahu's Likud party, but others on the far right had called for him to go.

The law is part of the right-wing coalition government's contentious plan to limit the powers of the judiciary.

The reforms include plans that would give the government full control over the committee which appoints judges, which he has said will pass in the Knesset next week.

Far-right national security minister Itamar Ben-Gvir supported Mr Netanyahu's move, saying,"The prime minister decided on the necessary step and I congratulate him for that."

It includes enabling parliament to overrule decisions made by the Supreme Court - a move that critics say will undermine the independence of the judiciary and could be used for political ends.

But Mr Netanyahu says the reforms are designed to stop the courts overreaching their powers and that they were voted for by the public at the last election.

Israel's opposition leader Yair Lapid described Mr Gallant's sacking as "a new low" for the government.

"Netanyahu can fire Gallant, but he can't fire reality or fire the people of Israel who are fronting up to resist the coalition's madness," Mr Lapid added.

Former defence minister Benny Gantz praised Mr Gallant, who he said had put the security of the country above all interests.

The fighting has been particularly fierce in the capital, Khartoum

Representatives from Sudan's warring armies have arrived in Saudi Arabia for their first face-to-face negotiations.

The "pre-negotiation talks" between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) were due to start on Saturday in Jeddah. They are sponsored by the US and Saudi Arabia.

Several ceasefires have broken down since the fighting began weeks ago.

Both sides have said they will discuss a humanitarian truce but not an end to the conflict.

There has been no word so far about whether the meeting has taken place or who the representatives from both sides are.

Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan welcomed the representatives from both parties. He said he hoped the talks would "lead to the end of the conflict and the return of security and stability to the Republic of Sudan".

Gen Mohamed Hamdan Daglo, who leads the RSF, said on Twitter that the group appreciated all efforts to establish a ceasefire and provide the Sudanese people with aid. He also insisted the RSF was committed to "the transition to a civilian-led government".

Gen Daglo, better known as Hemedti, is engaged in a bitter power struggle with Sudan's army commander, Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan - the country's de facto president.

Saturday's talks come amid reports of continuing clashes in the Sudanese capital, Khartoum.

Hundreds of people have been killed and nearly 450,000 civilians displaced since the fighting began. Of that total, the International Organization for Migration says, more than 115,000 have sought refuge in neighbouring countries.

A joint US-Saudi statement urged "both parties to take in consideration the interests of the Sudanese nation and its people and actively engage in the talks towards a ceasefire and end to the conflict".

A spokesman for UN children's agency, James Elder, said the conflict's first 11 days alone had killed an estimated 190 children and wounded 1,700 - and those figures were just from health facilities in Khartoum and Darfur.

"The reality is likely to be much worse," he said.

The intensity of the fighting has prevented much-needed aid deliveries getting through.

So far Gen Burhan and Hemedti, who led an Arab militia in the brutal Darfur conflict, have shown little readiness to reach a peace settlement.

That's it then for the third day of witness hearings in the Covid inquiry. More evidence will be taken tomorrow before the first senior politicians, including former Prime Minister David Cameron, appear in front of Baroness Hallett next week.

A quick recap of what was said today:

Bruce Mann, a former civil servant in the cabinet officer and Professor David Alexander from University College London, presented their joint report on the structures and systems which should have been in place in a national emergency like Covid.

They found that planning for a “novel diseases pandemic” like coronavirus was "wholly inadequate" and said it was clear that both the health and social care sectors in England were liable to be overwhelmed.

Both men would like to see a radical rewrite of the UK’s emergency plans going forwards saying a future pandemic is "inevitable".

This morning we heard from Prof David Heymann, now at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, but one of the top officials in the World Health Organisation in 2003 when the first Sars outbreak hit countries in Asia.

Prof Heymann said that Sars and another related disease, Mers, had a "profound effect" on countries like Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. He believes those countries were more successful than the UK and other European countries in containing the early spread of Covid in 2020 as a result, noting "much, much lower" mortality rates.

TV presenter Sophie Morgan was left "in a rage" at the "injustice" of her Blue Badge being stolen from her car.

The Loose Women star, who uses a wheelchair, said she would have to wait weeks for her car to be fixed and a replacement Blue Badge issued.

"I literally can't describe how disabling this is," she said, adding the inconvenience was "beyond measure".

Blue Badges are issued by your local council and are displayed on the car's dashboard.

They are proof you are disabled and enable you to get free or longer term parking as well as entitling you to use disabled parking bays which tend to be closer to destinations.

Sophie was away working in America when her car back in London was broken into, earlier this month. The perpetrators "smashed the window on the passenger side," she told the BBC's disability podcast, Access All.

"I had this rage in me at the injustice, all the frustration, the inconvenience, all of those feelings," she said.

The only item taken was her Blue Badge, but the loss of it hugely impacts her life.

"I can't drive my car without my badge as I can't get in or out [of the vehicle] without space to get my wheelchair beside my car," she said.

"And without the guarantee of a disabled space, it's not worth the risk."

The incident was reported to her local council but now Sophie must wait for a replacement to be issued.

LISTEN: You can hear more from Sophie on the BBC Access All podcast.

And adaptive clothes designer Victoria Jenkins, who was recently on Dragon's Den, and model Caprice-Kwai chat about the world of fashion.

According to the Department for Transport, in the year ending March 2022, 1,497 badges were reported as stolen across the UK.

They can be vulnerable to opportunists with some suggestion they can be re-sold for hundreds or even thousands of pounds.

Some people even buy lockable Blue Badge holders which are attached to the vehicle's steering wheel to protect them.

It is why some London councils have started moving towards "Companion Passes" which work alongside Blue Badges, but are digital and negate the threat of theft.

Haringey Council, in north London, launched its Companion Pass in August 2021 to enable people to park in locations across the borough.

Between January and June 2021, 528 incidents relating to Blue Badges had been reported. A year later, after the scheme had been introduced, that dropped to 185 for the same time period, a reduction of 65%.

As well as working in resident parking zones, it also enables holders to travel through low traffic neighbourhoods (LTN). Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras are able to pick-up and verify the vehicles.

"It's been really transformational," Councillor Mete Coban says, the cabinet member for energy, waste and transport, who has offered to speak with other councils to get the scheme up and running.

But he acknowledges it's not a complete solution.

"It has to be the vehicle registered to your home address. So that's one of the limitations," he said, acknowledging they can only be linked to one vehicle, unlike the physical Blue Badge which can be used by the holder in any vehicle they are traveling in

These Companion Passes also only work within the borough they are issued.

Sophie's own council, Southwark, does operate a Companion Pass which enables holders to park in any disabled bay, Pay-by-Phone bay and exempts them from "Streetspace measures" - Southwark's version of LTNs.

For Sophie, who wasn't aware of the scheme, it's a positive move towards reducing the anxiety around Blue Badge thefts and waiting for replacements.

"It saves people work. It saves people the hassle. It's just a no-brainer."

You can find more information on the BBC Access All podcast.

Most police forces and other emergency services have confirmed they are able to receive 999 calls again, following a fault on Sunday morning.

Earlier, a nationwide technical issue meant calls were not being connected.

Some said they were still experiencing a "residual impact" so people should only use 999 in a genuine emergency.

BT confirmed the issue was caused by a technical fault, and said a back-up system was being used while it worked to restore the primary 999 lines.

It said its priority was getting the lines "up and running as soon as possible" and experts were trying to work out the cause.

The telecoms company has already ruled out a third-party issue, the hot weather and an Android handset 999 problem from earlier this week.

But it said it would not be able to share technical information on the system nor how the back-up works because the 999 call service is part of the critical national infrastructure.

BT also warned that call handling times might be "slightly longer than normal", but urged people to call 999 as usual.

Problems with the service were first reported at about 08:30 BST on Sunday.

By about 10:00 some emergency services were saying services had been restored and by midday most emergency services said call services had been restored.

Forces who were still experiencing issues around lunchtime included Essex Fire Service, South Wales Police, the PSNI, and Police Scotland.

The Metropolitan Police said 999 lines were "very busy following the technical fault that impacted all emergency services earlier".

It said the back-up system was "not as effective at telling us where you are calling from", and for people to have the address or street information available when they call.

Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service warned of a 30-second delay to connect to 999, while Suffolk Police said its system may not be working to full capacity and urged people to use 999 only in a genuine emergency.

East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) said if a 999 call was not successful, people should call 111 for urgent medical help instead.

Richard Lyne, strategic commander at EMAS, said: "We urge people to seriously consider the alternative services available and if it's possible to make your own way to a treatment centre.

"For example, if a relative or friend can take you by car."

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to his "Pa" King Charles the day after the Coronation, saying the late Queen Elizabeth II would be "a proud mother".

Addressing the crowds at Windsor Castle for the Coronation concert, William said his grandmother was "up there, fondly keeping an eye on us".

He said this weekend was "so important" because it was all about service.

Highlighting King Charles' achievements over the last 50 years, William said: "Pa, we are all so proud of you."

And the heir to the throne made his own vow to the nation, saying: "I commit to serve you all. King, country and Commonwealth."

King Charles and Queen Camilla - colour-coordinated in blue, with the Queen in a royal blue jumpsuit - smiled and waved their own flags during the evening.

The Princess of Wales attended with her and William's oldest children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Prince Louis, who has just turned five, stayed at home after his busy day at the Coronation on Saturday.

The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh were seated near the King and Queen, with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak behind them. Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and his ex-wife the Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, also attended, as did Zara Tindall and her husband Mike.

The crowd of 20,000 people got their tickets in a public ballot, with many more watching performances from stars including Katy Perry and Take That on BBC One and BBC Radio 2.

There was a crowd of 20,000 for the Windsor Castle concert

The King and Queen watched the concert alongside the Prince and Princess of Wales and two of their children

The BBC said on Monday that the concert was watched by an average of 10.1 million, according to overnight figures.

The event had a peak audience of 12.3 million, the corporation said.

Host Hugh Bonneville - the Paddington and Downton Abbey actor - addressed the royal guests as the show began and acknowledged the King's love of the arts, joking he was "the artist formerly known as prince".

The concert featured musical acts including maestro Andrea Bocelli and Sir Bryn Terfel collaborating on You'll Never Walk Alone, and Olly Murs, who sang Dance with Me Tonight, while there were also spoken word pieces amidst the music.

Cold Feet actor James Nesbitt performed work by poet Daljit Nagra, while fashion designer Stella McCartney spoke about conservation.

There were video cameos from a range of stars, including British acting legend Joan Collins, former James Bond actor Pierce Brosnan, artist Tracey Emin and Welsh singer Tom Jones - all of them recounting little-known facts about the monarch.

And Top Gun actor Tom Cruise delivered a video message from his War Bird plane, saying: "Pilot to pilot. Your Majesty, you can be my wingman any time," before saluting and banking off.

The King seemed to enjoy a skit involving Bonneville and Muppet Show stars Kermit and Miss Piggy, in which Miss Piggy said "King Charlesy Warlesy" was expecting them in the royal box.

At the end of the show, Kermit was seen to have made it to the box, waving a flag in front of Prince Edward but there was no sign of Miss Piggy.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: Colourful drone display lights up the sky at Coronation concert

The Royal Shakespeare Company, Royal Ballet, Royal College of Art, Royal College of Music and the Royal Opera also took part in the show.

The royal patronages came together for the first time, with a one-off performance from Romeo and Juliet featuring actor Ncuti Gatwa - the new star of Doctor Who - and Olivier Award nominee Mei Mac.

Members of the Royal Family were seen dancing and singing along to Lionel Richie's All Night Long - with even the King getting to his feet, as did the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, Edward and Sophie, and Zara and Mike Tindall.

William's speech on stage came immediately after Richie's performance - with the prince referring to the US singer-songwriter's hit, saying: "I won't go on all night long", which drew a laugh from his father.

The King and Queen were seen dancing and waving flags during the concert

William was seen pointing something out to his son George

In his speech, William thanked everyone for making it "such a special evening" before turning to the significance of the weekend.

"As my grandmother said when she was crowned, coronations are a declaration of our hopes for the future," he said. "And I know she's up there, fondly keeping an eye on us. She would be a proud mother.

"For all that celebrations are magnificent, at the heart of the pageantry is a simple message. Service."

He said that after entering Westminster Abbey for Saturday's service, the first words spoken by his father were his pledge to continue to serve.

The prince praised the King for warning about damage to the environment "long before it was an everyday issue", and for his work with the Prince's Trust, the charity Charles set up which supports young people.

"Perhaps most importantly of all, my father has always understood that people of all faiths, all backgrounds, and all communities, deserve to be celebrated and supported," he said.

"Pa, we are all so proud of you."

The prince gave his thanks to those who serve "in the forces, in classrooms, hospital wards and local communities" before offering his own vow of service.

He finished by saying "God save the King", which was repeated loudly by the crowd before the national anthem was sung.

It was a tender and heartfelt message from William. There was an element of taking on the baton here too.

At last year's Platinum Jubilee concert it was Charles who as Prince of Wales gave thanks to his mother. Now it was William as Prince of Wales who gave the vote of thanks, stepping into the role of heir.

Lionel Richie's performance seemed to go down especially well with the royals

Katy Perry played a medley of her hits, with Princess Charlotte seen singing along to Roar

The stage, in Windsor Castle, resembled the union jack with catwalks jutting out from the centre creating multiple levels for the 70-piece orchestra and band.

Singer Paloma Faith sang as landmarks around the UK were lit up in celebration - including Blackpool Tower, Edinburgh Castle and Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff.

And there was the first multi-location drone show to be staged in the UK, with 1,000 drones in formation: a Welsh dragon, spanning 140m, was seen in Cardiff, while a watering can was seen over the Eden Project in Cornwall.

Take That closed the show with Never Forget - with the choristers of St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, singing the song's introduction.

Cardi B is best known for hits such as I Like It, Up, Bodak Yellow and WAP

Cardi B became the latest star to be hit by an object from the crowd during a concert, when an audience member threw their drink at the rapper.

The 30-year-old reacted by throwing her microphone at the concertgoer from the stage.

Although the rapper no longer had a microphone, her voice was still heard on the pre-recorded backing track playing through the speakers.

BBC News has asked representatives for Cardi B for comment.

The incident took place in Las Vegas and was caught on camera from multiple angles by several fans.

In the footage, security staff are seen surrounding the perpetrator and recovering the rapper's microphone.

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Pop Base This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

However, footage from earlier in the concert showed Cardi B asking a different member of the audience to spray her from behind, as she turned her back to the crowd.

Later in the show, the rapper explained the earlier spray had been done on her back and under her own instruction, whereas she objected to the other member of the crowd unexpectedly throwing water which hit her face.

According to entertainment website TMZ, the woman who was struck by the microphone later reported the incident to Las Vegas police.

Although Cardi B's microphone was live, the fact that her voice was still heard on the backing track after she threw the mic prompted accusations of lip synching, as many jokingly compared her with the 1980s group Milli Vanilli.

This is the latest example of performers having their shows interrupted by someone in the crowd throwing something on stage.

In June, Bebe Rexha was hurt when a man threw his phone on stage, hitting her in the face.

The man, named as 27-year-old Nicolas Malvagna of New Jersey, was later charged with with two counts of assault in the third degree, one count of harassment in the second degree, one count of aggravated harassment in the second degree, and one count of attempted assault in the third degree.

In November, Harry Styles was hit in the eye with a sweet at a gig, and Pink looked uncomfortable when a bag of human ashes was thrown on stage while she was performing in London.

Last year Cardi B admitted two offences arising from a brawl in a strip club, as part of a deal to avoid a trial and possible jail time.

At the time she said "I've made some bad decisions in my past that I am not afraid to face and own up to."

Cardi B is best known for hits such as I Like It, Up, Bodak Yellow and WAP - a duet with Megan Thee Stallion.
• None Why are fans throwing things at artists on stage?

The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates to a 22-year high, which will increase costs for borrowers

The US central bank has raised interest rates to the highest level in 22 years as it fights to stabilise prices in the world's largest economy.

The decision lifted the Federal Reserve's influential benchmark rate to a range of 5.25% to 5.5%.

It marked the eleventh increase since early 2022, when the Fed started raising borrowing costs to try to cool the economy and ease price inflation.

The Fed offered few firm clues as to what it might do next.

"We're going to be going meeting by meeting," bank chairman Jerome Powell said at a press conference following the announcement.

"It is certainly possible that we would raise the funds rate again at the September meeting if the data warranted," he said. "And I would also say it's possible that we would choose to hold steady."

Wednesday's decision came ahead of central bank meetings in Europe and Japan.

In the UK, where inflation was 7.9%, the Bank of England is widely expected to raise its key rate at its next meeting on 3 August from the current 5%.

In the US, some analysts said the Fed had done enough.

Inflation in the US was 3% in June. That was down from a peak of more than 9% last year, when prices were rising at the fastest pace in four decades.

"We think they're at a point where the Fed funds rate is restrictive enough to slow the economy, slow activity and allow inflation to trend lower," said Kathy Bostjancic, chief economist at insurance firm, Nationwide Mutual, adding that she did not expect to see further hikes this year.

The Fed has already brought interest rates up from near zero less than 18 months ago, putting to an end an era of low-cost borrowing that started during the financial crisis.

The moves have hit the public in the form of more expensive loans for homes, business expansions and other activity.

In theory, that should reduce borrowing demand and encourage saving, eventually cooling the economy and making it harder for firms to raise prices.

But the economy in the US has held up better than many expected so far - especially in the labour market, where jobs continue to be added at a robust pace and wages are rising.

Mr Powell said he expected the job market would have to weaken further and growth slow more before the Fed could be confident its job was done.

"It's not that we're aiming to raise unemployment but we have to be honest about the historical record," he said.

While acknowledging progress, he also noted that so-called core inflation - which does not include food and energy prices - remained more than double the Fed's 2% inflation target.

Andrew Patterson, senior economist at Vanguard, said the Fed was worried about declaring victory prematurely, mindful of mistakes made in the 1960s and 1970s, when bank leaders embraced signs that inflation was easing only to see the problem flare up again.

"They had a positive inflation report this past month but ... they're going to want to see more of that going forward before they're comfortable," he said. "They're not going to take anything off the table or pin themselves into a corner."

David Henry, investment manager at Quilter Cheviot, said the Bank of England and European Central Bank were "much further behind" than the US on controlling inflation, which could lead to a "bifurcation" or division in policy among developed economies.

"They would love to have luxury that the Fed has in declaring the job nearly done, but instead talk is of rates of 6%, if not more," he said.

He added: "There is a chance the US begins talking about rate cuts before the BoE has had a chance to pause and assess the impact of its actions, and this would have a significant impact on stock and bond prices on both sides of the Atlantic."

Former senior party whips have told the BBC a "professional" HR system is needed in Parliament to handle sexual misconduct allegations against MPs.

It comes ahead of a debate on Monday on whether to ban some MPs under investigation for violent or sexual offences from Parliament.

Currently, there is no single authority at Westminster that deals with sexual misconduct cases against MPs.

Whips are senior MPs in charge of their party's discipline and welfare.

But they are often expected to handle misconduct cases.

Some allegations are reported to Parliament's Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme, some to parties or whips, some to the Commons Speaker or leader of the House, and some to police.

The BBC has spoken to multiple senior MPs and former MPs, who have served as whips for different parties.

Many argue Parliament needs a formal HR system to stop allegations being dealt with in different ways, on a case-by-case basis.

"There should be a better HR system for the employment of members' staff," said a former chief whip, who wanted not to be identified.

MPs currently hire their staff directly, but the former chief whip argued they should be employed in the same way as ministers' special advisers.

"Although they are the appointment of the minister, they are centrally employed, and come under the HR umbrella of the rest of the civil service.

"That would give [MPs' staff] the protection of being able to speak to somebody else other than their employer, where it might be a very small office.

"So their employer is not necessarily the member of Parliament, but the House authorities," they said.

Former Conservative MP Anne Milton was deputy chief whip from 2015-2017

Others the BBC spoke to, who have served as whips, also said they wanted HR "beefed up" to help resolve grievances and other issues, citing a lack of clarity and training for whips on how to handle such cases beyond directing individuals to complaint processes, support services, or even the police.

Former deputy chief whip Anne Milton told the BBC: "In the short period of time I was involved with the allegations against Charlie Elphicke, I was clear that the whips' office was not the place to consider issues such as this.

"You can help people through difficult periods in their life - but the whips' offices are not equipped and don't have the expertise to deal with complaints of this nature."

Elphicke was a Conservative MP who was suspended by the party after "serious allegations" were referred to the police, and was subsequently convicted of sexual assault.

Ms Milton added: "I felt that the House of Commons - because allegations of misbehaviour or sexual harassment or sexual assault bring the House of Commons into disrepute - that the House of Commons needs to deal with that.

"You need a process that should be handled by an external organisation, who are professionals, to investigate allegations swiftly."

She said the whips' office was an instrument of the party leadership - and in the case of the government, its role was to get government business through Parliament.

"The whips' offices do not have the HR skills needed."

"Trying to crack the nut of MPs acting like small businesses is quite a difficult nut to crack. But using an external agency to resolve workplace issues is not difficult.

"Neither Parliament nor the whips' offices are equipped to do it. This is highly specialised stuff."

She said whips could remove the whip from MPs, but "that's a political party decision".

"The whips shouldn't be enacting sanctions as part of the complaints process. It may be considered prudent by a political party to withdraw the whip pending an investigation."

Current MPs have also raised concerns about a lack of "HR professionals" to deal with cases like this.

One Conservative MP said: "Where does the buck stop? The whips, the police, the Speaker, there's also the parties. I don't see that there is any formal coming together of those."

Parties often "live in fear of someone saying: 'why didn't you take action?' That's where the judgement comes," they added.

This MP said that, while they still wanted a say in who their staff were, "I do think there's a benefit in more HR support for MPs - I'm not an HR expert."

They compared MPs employing their own staff with Parliament "dealing in effect with 650 small businesses".

Another former chief whip the BBC spoke to echoed the argument for "external supervision", saying the role of the whips was to "look after their flock, not to sit in judgement of them", and to persuade them to vote with their party the "right" way.

On Monday, MPs will debate proposals to bar some MPs under criminal investigation for violent or sexual offences from setting foot in Parliament.

The proposals have been drawn up by the House of Commons Commission, a body of senior MPs which oversees the working of the Commons, following a consultation.

If approved, the plans could allow MPs or peers to be barred from the Houses of Parliament if they are deemed to pose a risk.

The exclusion would apply to the parliamentary estate in Westminster and any parliamentary-funded travel.

MPs are being asked to have their say on the plans, but a formal vote has yet to be arranged.

The Commission has proposed that if the parliamentary authorities were presented with credible allegations of a sexual or violent offence by the police at any point in the criminal justice process, a staff panel would assess the claims.

If the panel undertook a full risk assessment on the basis of information provided by the police, it would consider the nature of the alleged misconduct and whether there were any safeguarding concerns.

If this led to exclusion being recommended, this would be put to an adjudication panel for a decision.

Under the proposals, excluded members would get a proxy vote so their constituents were not disadvantaged.

The BBC has been told there is some disagreement on the plans - with a number of MPs arguing members should not be excluded unless they are charged by police, and others arguing that the threshold for exclusion should be lower.

One former chief whip said excluding people who had not been charged flew "against natural justice".

"Allegations can be made against members of parliament that may be false, and they may be made in a vexatious way."

Ms Milton said she believed Parliament should be able to vote on excluding MPs from the Commons, because it was "quite a serious issue democratically".

"Their [MPs'] job is to hold the government to account. If you're going to withdraw an MP's ability to do this on behalf of their constituents. that's serious enough for the whole House to make a decision."

Police cars were parked outside the temporary housing unit in Sidegate Lane on Friday

A man and woman have been charged with murder following the death of a two-year-old girl.

The body was found by police at a temporary housing unit in Sidegate Lane, Ipswich, at about 11:45 BST on Friday.

Suffolk Constabulary said officers arrested two people in Bury St Edmunds in the early hours of Saturday.

Scott Jeff and Chelsea Gleason-Mitchell are now due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.

The force said that the pair - both aged 22 and of no fixed address but previously from Bedfordshire - were known to the victim.

Floral tributes were left at the housing unit after the toddler was found dead on Friday

Further tests were required as part of the post-mortem examination, officers said.

Suffolk Constabulary also said a mandatory referral had been made to the Independent Office for Police Conduct because of previous police contact with the deceased "elsewhere".

Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp on 0800 169 1830

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Gary Robertson and his wife Karen were together for 38 years and had two children

The family of grandfather who died after falling almost 30 feet from a platform at Longannet power station has received £1m in damages.

Gary Robertson, from Cowdenbeath, died from serious injuries in 2019 when working at the decommissioned power station.

Demolition firm Brown and Mason were previously fined £5,000 after bosses admitted health and safety failings.

The £1m award follows the settlement of a subsequent civil action.

Brown and Mason were fined £5,000 after a criminal prosecution at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court.

The criminal case fine would have been £100,000 but it was reduced by a sheriff after company bosses claimed they had no assets to pay more.

Karen Robertson said the original court fine of £5,000 was "disgusting"

Mr Robertson's widow Karen said: "Something is clearly wrong with sentencing guidelines because a £5,000 fine is disgusting - Gary's funeral even cost more than that.

"We need to make sure the laws designed to hold people accountable can't be manipulated to let those responsible escape justice."

Mr Robertson, 55, was part of a workforce which was preparing the derelict power station for demolition.

He was with a colleague when he fell after a metal grating panel on a pipe bridge platform gave way.

Mr Robertson remained conscious after the fall but suffered a fatal cardiac arrest a short time later.

The couple had been together for 38 years and had two children and three grandchildren.

Recalling her last conversation that day with her husband, Mrs Robertson said: "I was baking for a charity bake sale and he joked to remember to bring some goodies home.

"That was the last time we spoke. Just a normal conversation.

"But you obviously don't ever expect anything bad to happen because your man shouldn't go to work and not come home."

Demolition at the site began in November 2018

Mrs Robertson said she had still to receive an apology from the company.

She said: "The first thing Gary's employers sent to me wasn't a sympathy card or a phone call - it was his P45.

"We were told that because it was a health and safety prosecution we weren't even allowed to provide a family statement (in court) talking about the impact of Gary's loss."

Innes Laing, partner at Digby Brown Solicitors in Kirkcaldy, said: "No amount of compensation will ever come close to filling the void left behind by a loved one.

"But I know that for Karen and her family, their civil action at least provided answers, recognition and a way to hold those responsible to account in a way that was right to them."

Brown and Mason have been contacted for comment.

Heathrow airport security staff have called off strikes after voting to accept a pay offer.

Around 2,000 members of the Unite union were due to strike on 29 days throughout summer.

Unite staff at the airport had already said they would postpone industrial action on 24 and 25 June.

The union said that workers had voted to accept a pay increase worth between 15.5% and 17.5% depending on their band.

A Heathrow spokesperson said: "We are pleased to confirm Unite members have voted to accept a two-year above-inflation pay deal, ending the current dispute and allowing the strikes to be called off.

"We can now move forward together and focus on delivering an excellent summer for our passengers."

Strikes during the summer period when many UK schools are on a break would potentially have been disruptive and led to queues at airport security.

Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said it was a "hard won victory".

The offer includes a 10% increase in pay - backdated to January - rising to 11.5% in October, and an increase in line with inflation in 2024, with a minimum uplift of 4%. Unite said that "spot rates, salary ranges and formal pay progression will increase when the pay increase is implemented".

Unite added the deal also included improved maternity and paternity benefits.

Earlier in June, Heathrow security officers at Terminals 3 and 5 said they would walk out for 31 days in the summer after turning down a pay offer of 10.1%, which they said was "below inflation".

Inflation as measured by the Consumer Prices Index is now at 8.7%, but another measure - the Retail Prices Index - stood at 11.3% in the year to May.

Workers in several industries across the UK have been taking industrial action, mainly over demands for pay to stay in line with the soaring cost of living.

Extensive walkouts by rail staff have continued since 2022, and industrial action has also led to walkouts by those including nurses, junior doctors, Border Force staff and civil servants.

Unite regional co-ordinating officer Wayne King said: "The solidarity and dedication of Unite's reps and members was fundamental in ensuring HAL [Heathrow Airport] returned to the negotiating table with an improved offer".

Heathrow security staff working at Terminal 5 had walked out for 10 days in April during the Easter holiday period, although the airport said it had suffered "minimal" disruption.

Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has made curbing illegal migration one of his main priorities

The home secretary is expected to be given the ability to ignore attempts by European judges to halt migrant deportations from the UK.

The change will be made to the Illegal Migration Bill, after the government made concessions to Conservative MPs.

The move should avoid a rebellion from some MPs, who have been demanding tougher action against the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).

The change will be made in amendments when the bill returns to the Commons.

As part of the amendment, Home Secretary Suella Braverman is expected to gain the power, in certain circumstances, to ignore interim injunctions from the court, known as Rule 39 orders, that halt deportation flights.

The Strasbourg-based court, unpopular with the Tory right, used an injunction of this type to block the removal of migrants to Rwanda last year.

Rebel Tory MPs say they have also agreed with ministers that British judges will only be able to halt deportations where there is a risk of serious and irreversible harm.

BBC Newsnight has been told some movement is also expected on the provision of safe and legal routes for refugees to come to the UK - which is a key demand of another group of Conservative MPs.

The migration legislation, which was set out by Ms Braverman last month, would prevent anyone entering the UK illegally from claiming asylum.

It is central to Mr Sunak's pledge to stop small boats crossing the English Channel, but has provoked outrage among charities and opposition parties, who say it breaches international law.

Some Conservative MPs, however, believe it does not go far enough and tabled a series of changes to the bill.

Last month, some of those MPs withdrew their proposals in Parliament after immigration minister Robert Jenrick said he would engage with those who have concerns.

Conservative MP Danny Kruger, who was among those leading the calls, said he was "grateful to the prime minister and the home secretary for their work".

Mr Kruger said the British public "are fed up with London lawyers and Strasbourg judges getting in the way of a sensible migration policy".

He said he was "hopeful that the government will be able to deliver the prompt removals to Rwanda and other safe countries". This was needed, he said, "to stop the boats and lay the foundation of a fair and humane asylum system".

More than 45,000 people entered the UK via Channel crossings last year, up from about 300 in 2018.

Under the new bill, people removed from the UK would be blocked from returning or seeking British citizenship in future. Migrants will not get bail or be able to seek judicial review for the first 28 days of detention.

It will also place a legal duty on the home secretary to detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, to Rwanda or a "safe" third country - this will take legal precedence over someone's right to claim asylum.

In a letter to MPs following publication of the bill, Ms Braverman conceded there is a "more (than) 50% chance" the bill is incompatible with international law.

It is expected to come up against opposition in the House of Lords, and subsequently expected to face a wave of legal challenges, whilst opposition parties have dismissed it as unworkable.

Former Lord Chief Justice and crossbench peer Lord Thomas said ignoring interim injunctions from the ECHR would be an "immensely serious step" and warned it "sets an extraordinarily bad example".

"Many people would say having the power to ignore a court order is something - unless the circumstances were quite extraordinary - this is a step a government should never take because it is symbolic of a breach of the rule of law," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Police are searching for multiple suspects after a shooting in the US city of Baltimore left two people dead and 28 others injured.

Fifteen children were among those wounded when gunfire erupted at a block party in the Brooklyn Homes area of the city on Sunday.

It is not clear whether the attack was targeted, police said, and officers are hunting for at least two suspects.

At a news conference on Monday police announced a reward of $28,000 (£22,000) for information on the suspects.

Authorities said multiple weapons and bullet casings were recovered from the scene of the crime.

Police have yet to name a suspect, but said a young man who has been seen in footage circulating on social media appearing to pull a semi-automatic weapon from a backpack is one of the suspects.

"Anyone who had a weapon at the scene will be one of our suspects until we eliminate that they are not," said Baltimore Police Department acting commissioner Richard Worley.

The shooting began at about 00:35 local time (04:35 GMT) in a courtyard between a pair of rowhouses in the south of the city. Investigators spent hours on Sunday combing a large crime scene for evidence.

Police said 18-year-old Aaliyah Gonzalez died at the scene, while 20-year-old Kylis Fagbemi was pronounced dead at hospital.

The victims were mostly teenagers, ranging in age from 13 to 19. The others were aged 20, 22, 23, 31 and 32, according to police.

As of Monday afternoon, seven victims remained in hospital, including four who are in critical condition.

Hospital officials said they worked under stressful circumstances with the assailants still at large to treat 19 patients, many of whom were minors and critically injured.

Baltimore Mayor Brandon Scott said his office was dedicating every resource possible to finding those responsible.

"We will not stop until we find you - and we will find you," he said. "This was a reckless, cowardly act that happened here."

"I hope that with every single breath that you take that you think about the lives that you took and you think about the lives that you impacted here tonight," he said.

Mr Worley told reporters on Sunday that the block party - an annual community gathering known as "Brooklyn Day" - was "unpermitted", because police were not warned about it ahead of time.

He added that officials would examine what actions officers took once they found out about the gathering.

Witnesses said hundreds of people were at the party when the shooting unfolded

Witnesses at the scene said hundreds of people were at the party when the chaotic scene unfolded.

Danny Gonzalez, 57, who is not related to the woman who died in the shooting, told the Washington Post that he heard gunshots from his home and saw young people running away.

"It was at least 40 or 50 rounds," he said, adding that he and his neighbours were no strangers to gunfire in the Maryland port city. "It's just another killing weekend. This is Baltimore, Murderland."

There have been 140 homicides this year in Baltimore, according to the Baltimore Sun newspaper. In 2022, the city reported more than 300 killings for the eighth year in a row.

Local authorities said the shooting would result in long-lasting trauma for the community, while Mayor Scott called for stricter gun laws across the US.

"This is our longest standing public health challenge, and we need to focus on gun violence regardless of where it happens," he said on Monday.

The US has seen more than 330 mass shootings this year, according to the non-profit Gun Violence Archive, which defines a mass shooting as an incident in which four or more people are injured or killed.

Last updated on .From the section Man City

Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan will join Barcelona on a free transfer when his contract expires at the end of this month.

Gundogan, 32, was offered a new contact by City but is thought to have negotiated a more lucrative three-year deal with the Spanish champions.

City boss Pep Guardiola was keen to keep Gundogan, who was integral to the club winning the Treble this season.

Gundogan's influence was crucial in the closing weeks of City's season with six goals in his final seven games - including a double in the 2-1 FA Cup final win over Manchester United.

He played 90 minutes in the Champions League final as City beat Inter Milan 1-0 to add to their Premier League and FA Cup triumphs this season.

Guardiola said earlier this month City director Txiki Begiristain was "working" to keep Gundogan and he "hoped he can be successful".

Gundogan's departure follows City agreeing a £30m deal with Chelsea to sign Croatia midfielder Mateo Kovacic.
• None What else could change at Manchester City after Mateo Kovacic's arrival?

Gundogan joined City from Borussia Dortmund for a reported £20m in 2016 and made 304 appearances for the club, scoring 60 goals.

During his seven years at Etihad Stadium he has won 14 trophies - five Premier League titles, one Champions League, two FA Cups, four Carabao Cups and two Community Shields.

He was made club captain at the start of 2022-23 following the departure of Brazil midfielder Fernandinho.

'Gundogan will be remembered like Silva, Kompany and Toure at City'

Ultimately, it has come down to simple economics from Manchester City's point of view.

Yes, they wanted Gundogan to stay. Yes, Guardiola was unstinting in his praise of the German during the final weeks of an historic season.

But City did not want to keep Gundogan at any price.

They offered the German a one-year contract with the possibility of an extra season on top. Barcelona offered an additional year on top of that.

Gundogan is 32 and, while he was outstanding for City and has an awareness few can match, he is not going to get any better.

City, as Treble winners, are in a position of strength. Players want to play for Guardiola. The club can attract high-class talent and, in Kovacic, are on the brink of doing just that.

Gundogan will be fondly remembered at the club, just as David Silva, Yaya Toure and Vincent Kompany still are.
• None Our coverage of Manchester City is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment
• None Everything City - go straight to all the best content

Ben Cooke avoided chemo thanks to the blood tests

A blood test which can detect traces of cancer cells could spare thousands of patients unnecessary chemotherapy every year.

A major bowel cancer trial is examining whether the test can show if surgery has removed all of the tumour.

Doctors say half of patients with stage 3 bowel cancer are cured by surgery alone so by using chemotherapy they are over-treating many people.

About 1,600 bowel cancer patients are being recruited to the UK study.

Ben Cooke runs a hair salon on the King's Road in Chelsea, London, and also works as a stylist for fashion shoots.

In early March last year, he noticed some dark blood in his poo. He rang NHS 111 and was sent to A&E. He was diagnosed with stage 3 bowel cancer, which was successfully treated with surgery.

The gold standard treatment is to then have intravenous chemotherapy to mop up any remaining tumour cells and reduce the risk of the cancer returning.

But the chemotherapy used in bowel cancer, oxaliplatin, can cause painful tingling and numbness in the hands and feet, called peripheral neuropathy.

This nerve damage can be long-term, and Ben was worried it might affect his ability to do the job he loves.

"I would not be able to cope with that," he says. "I need to work - it's my therapy."

The 52-year-old enrolled in a study at London's Royal Marsden Hospital, which is evaluating whether a blood test can show if chemo is really needed.

His test showed he was clear of cancer, so he avoided intravenous chemotherapy.

Instead, like everyone taking part in the trial, he took an oral chemo tablet twice a day. This had minimal side effects and allowed him to carry on working.

"The fact that I didn't have any tingling in my hands has just been an absolute blessing," he says.

Ben's blood is extracted for the liquid biopsy

The blood tests work by looking for microscopic traces of cancer in the bloodstream called circulating tumour DNA. The presence of these markers indicates whether the patient has been cured by their surgery or not. Such tiny fragments would be invisible on a scan.

Ben's consultant at the Marsden, Dr Naureen Starling, is the principal investigator on the trial. She says the outcome could affect the way thousands of bowel cancer patients are treated every year.

"Half of patients with stage 3 bowel cancer are cured by surgery alone, so we are over-treating a large proportion of patients," she says.

The hope is that this specialised technology could spare many cancer patients unnecessary chemotherapy.

"That's good for the patient, it's good for the health service, it's good for cost savings within the NHS. That would be a win-win," says Dr Starling.

The liquid biopsies being packaged to send to California

The trial, called TRACC, is using a test created by US company Guardant Health. The samples are sent to their labs in California for analysis with the results coming back within around two weeks.

The trial, funded by the National Institute for Health & Care Research (NIHR), will examine any difference in survival rates after three years between those patients whose treatment was guided by the blood test compared with the standard-of-care chemotherapy group.

Trials are also under way in the UK to monitor patients with lung and breast cancer in the same way.

Dr Starling says the potential for this new technology across cancer care is "immense", not just when it comes to detecting residual disease after surgery, but also for early diagnosis.

What is clear already, from multiple studies, is that so-called "liquid biopsy" blood tests can reveal the lingering presence of cancer long before it would be found using traditional methods.

A trial in Greece published in Nature in January, found that liquid biopsies could show cancer recurrence at least four years before it would be detectable via a scan. That study followed a small group of breast cancer patients after surgery.

At the American Society of Clinical Oncology conference in Chicago last June, a study in 455 bowel cancer patients found that by using the blood tests to guide treatment, the number of patients needing post-surgery chemotherapy was nearly halved without the risk of relapse.

But Dr Starling says the far bigger randomised trial in the UK is essential to calibrate exactly how much reliance can be placed on liquid biopsies, especially when it means considering the withdrawal of chemotherapy.

The tests have already been available to private patients.

Susanne Winter, an artist from Surrey, was diagnosed with stage 3 bowel cancer in March 2022 and had successful surgery to remove the tumour and some cancerous lymph nodes.

She initially thought she would need chemotherapy to ensure the cancer was entirely gone, but she had the ctDNA test done privately which showed she was clear of cancer.

Susanne, 58, had cancelled all her commitments to prepare for several months of chemotherapy, but the negative test result meant she was free to concentrate on her art. She even had two works accepted for the Royal Academy summer exhibition.

She feels incredibly lucky to have avoided chemotherapy. "I knew how toxic it can be. You're psyching yourself up for it, so to hear that you aren't going to need it is just unbelievable," she says.

Susanne Winter was able to carry on painting

What is considered the holy grail of cancer detection is to be able to spot the disease at the very earliest stage, when it is most easy to cure.

Blood tests are also being trialled to see if they can diagnose a whole range of cancers.

More than 140,000 volunteers aged 50-77 have been recruited across England to see if the test could pick up more than 50 types of tumours, most of which have no screening programmes.

The NHS-Galleri trial is made by Californian company Grail, and some interim results are due early next year.

Rishi Sunak has faced questions over shares held by his wife, Akshata Murty

Rishi Sunak has referenced his wife's shares in a childcare firm in his published list of financial interests, after a conflict-of-interests row.

The PM has faced questions over Akshata Murty's shares in Koru Kids, a childcare agency which could benefit from a policy in last month's Budget.

He faces a parliamentary probe after not mentioning them during a committee appearance last month.

On Tuesday, Labour called on him to "come clean" and publish his interests.

Downing Street resisted the call to publish them on Tuesday, saying it had no plans to publish Mr Sunak's interests separately to the wider list of interests for all ministers.

It said that work to compile the list, which is managed by the PM's ethics adviser, was "ongoing".

The full list for all ministers, including Mr Sunak, has now been published less than 24 hours later, for the first time in nearly a year.

A Labour spokesperson, however, said the PM had shown a "complete lack of transparency" - and the whole process for financial declarations needed to be reviewed.

The government has faced criticism about the late publication of the list, which and is meant to be published twice a year but was last updated 11 months ago.

The position of ethics adviser was unfilled during a six-month period last year, before current holder Sir Laurie Magnus was appointed in December.

On Monday, Downing Street said Mr Sunak had told government officials about the shares during routine conflict-of-interest declarations, which are not made public.

The PM's spokeswoman declined to say when he declared the shares to officials when asked by reporters on Wednesday, citing the confidentiality of the process.

The shares were not mentioned in the latest publicly available version of the list, published in May 2022 when Mr Sunak was chancellor.

This public version of the list only includes financial and other interests considered "directly relevant" to ministers' roles, including those held by close family members.

The updated version, published shortly before Mr Sunak appeared at Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, now references the shares as part of a "number of direct shareholdings" held by his wife.

It also revealed that deputy PM Dominic Raab has paid for lawyers out of his own pocket to represent him during the ongoing inquiry into allegations he bullied civil servants in previous government roles, which he denies.

Jeremy Hunt, who became chancellor in October, has also updated his list to include his stake in a property company he owns jointly with his wife, and half-shares in a holiday house in Italy and an office in London. He has previously published these interests in his separate register as an MP.

The updated list also shows that eight government ministers, including Mr Hunt and Mr Sunak, hold financial interests in so-called blind trusts or management arrangements, with a further two in the process of setting them up.

These arrangements, where management of assets is placed in the hands of advisers in a bid to avoid conflicts of interest, are regularly used by ministers with significant financial interests.

Companies House records indicate Ms Murty has held shares in Koru Kids since 2019, and are mentioned in filings as recent as last month.

Her shareholding was not mentioned in several previous versions of the list of ministers' interests published whilst Mr Sunak was a minister at the Treasury, and then subsequently chancellor.

When asked why that was, the PM's spokeswoman said previous decisions about what to include were made by past ethics advisers - and overruling them could affect future declarations made by others.

On Monday, it emerged Mr Sunak is being investigated by Parliament's standards commissioner, after not mentioning the shares during a committee appearance last month where he was questioned about the new childcare policy in the Budget.

When asked by a Labour MP whether he had any interests to declare, he replied: "No, all my disclosures are declared in the normal way."

The MPs' rulebook says they should be "open and frank" about "relevant" financial interests when speaking in Parliament.

A pilot of bonuses for childminders was announced in the Budget on 15 March as part of the government's overhaul of childcare. Koru Kids is one of six childminder agencies listed in government guidance on childminder agencies.

Under the scheme, childminders who sign up to the profession will be paid "incentive payments" of £600.

This would rise to £1,200 for those who join through an agency, meaning the pilot might generate more business for companies such as Koru Kids.
• None How big a deal is inquiry into PM's declarations?

The Israeli military said troops were blocking roads in the area and searching for the attackers

Two British-Israeli sisters have been killed and their mother has been injured in a shooting in the occupied West Bank.

They were in a car that crashed after being shot at near the Hamra Junction, in the north of the Jordan Valley.

The mayor of the settlement of Efrat said the sisters, who were in their 20s, and their 48-year-old mother lived there and were immigrants from the UK.

The UK Foreign Office said it was "saddened" by the news.

"We are saddened to hear about the deaths of two British-Israeli citizens and the serious injuries sustained by a third individual," a statement said.

The Israeli military said its forces were blocking roads in the area and had "started a pursuit of the terrorists".

The shooting took place hours after Israeli warplanes carried out air strikes in southern Lebanon and the Gaza Strip.

The military said they were in retaliation for the biggest rocket attack on Israel launched from Lebanon for 17 years, which it blamed on the Palestinian militant group Hamas.

The rocket barrage followed two nights of Israeli police raids at the al-Aqsa mosque in occupied East Jerusalem that caused anger across the region.

Later on Friday, Israel said one person had died and several others had been injured in a separate shooting incident in Tel Aviv.

The Israel military said the earlier incident in the Jordan Valley was initially reported as a collision between an Israeli car and a Palestinian car. But when troops arrived they found several bullet holes in the Israeli vehicle and determined that it was an attack.

Israeli public broadcaster Kan reported that 22 bullet casings were found, apparently from a Kalashnikov assault rifle.

A volunteer medic with the United Hatzalah ambulance service said he rushed to the scene and found the three victims in a critical condition.

"Together with other first responders, I performed CPR on the injured in an attempt to save their lives," Oded Shabbat said. "One injured person was transported by helicopter to the hospital for further care."

The Efrat Local Council said in a Facebook post that the three women were a mother and her two daughters who lived in the West Bank settlement, which is south of Jerusalem. It added that it was not yet permitted to identify them.

The mayor of Efrat, Oded Revivi, said the family were immigrants from the UK, originally from London, and that they were travelling to Tiberias, located on the shores of the Sea of Galilee, for a holiday when the attack happened.

Israeli media also cited Mr Revivi as saying that the sisters' father had been driving ahead of them in another car when theirs was attacked. He reportedly turned around and arrived at the scene to find his wife and daughters being treated by paramedics.

The head of the Israeli military's Central Command, which oversees the West Bank, called it an "extremely severe terrorist attack" and promised that its troops knew how to find those responsible.

"We are reinforcing forces in all sectors. We were unable to prevent this attack, but we will do everything we can to prevent the following attacks," Maj-Gen Yehuda Fuchs added.

Israel Police commissioner Kobi Shabtai meanwhile called on all Israelis with firearms licences to start carrying their weapons.

"This is a murderous attack that reminds us how relevant the threat of terrorism in its various forms is," he said.

Hamas did not claim it was behind the shooting but praised it as "a natural response to [Israel's] ongoing crimes against the al-Aqsa mosque and its barbaric aggression against Lebanon and the steadfast Gaza".

There has been an intensification of violence between Israel and the Palestinians since the start of this year.

More than 90 Palestinians - militants and civilians - have been killed by Israeli forces. If those behind Friday's shooting are confirmed to be Palestinian, then 17 Israelis and a Ukrainian - all civilians, except for an Israeli paramilitary police officer - have been killed in Palestinian attacks.

Last updated on .From the section Football

Belfast's Casement Park and Everton's Bramley-Moore Dock, two unbuilt stadiums, are in the UK and Republic of Ireland's joint bid to host Euro 2028.

The 10 grounds also include Glasgow's Hampden Park, Cardiff's Principality Stadium, plus English venues Wembley, St James' Park, Villa Park, the Etihad Stadium and Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.

Dublin's Aviva Stadium has also made the final shortlist.

Turkey is the other candidate to host the men's tournament in June and July.

Fourteen stadiums were originally on the shortlist submitted to Uefa by the five football associations from the UK and the Republic last year.

Old Trafford - which has the highest capacity in England after Wembley - the Stadium of Light, the London Stadium and Dublin's Croke Park are the four to be dropped from the list.

"High-capacity, world-famous football grounds and state-of-the-art new venues will provide the platform for the biggest and most commercially successful Euros ever - making us a low risk, high reward host," a Football Association statement read.

The bid has been backed by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, Scotland's First Minister Humza Yousaf and Wales' First Minister Mark Drakeford, who said it would be the "biggest sporting event our islands have ever jointly staged".

Work has not yet started on a 34,500-capacity stadium planned for the Casement Park site, which has not been in use since 2013.

The stadium has primarily been a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) venue and redevelopment has been subject to a legal challenge.

Windsor Park, where Northern Ireland play their home matches, does not meet minimum capacity requirements.

Everton's Bramley-Moore Dock, expected to host around 53,000 spectators, is under construction and expected to be built by 2024.

Earlier this year, Everton owner Farhad Moshiri revealed that costs for the club's new Bramley Moore Dock stadium could amount to £760m - a £260m increase on figures quoted by the club last year.

A decision on who will host the 2028 Euro finals is expected to be made by Uefa's executive committee in September, with work on all potential host stadiums to begin by at least the summer of 2024, four years before the tournament.

The UK and the Republic say in their bid a record three million tickets will be made available while "sustainability and good governance practice" are "top priorities".

They say more than 80% of ticket holders will be able to travel to matches by public transport and claim it will generate £2.6bn combined for the nations' economies

A review into disorder at the Euro 2020 final, held in London at Wembley, found "ticketless, drunken and drugged-up thugs" could have caused death as they stormed the stadium.

Turkey's bid is also for 2032. Italy has also submitted a bid to host that edition.
• None It's sink or swim for rookie police officers in Belfast:
• None Four movies that predicted the future incorrectly: Are practical hoverboards and flying cars just a distant dream?

Last updated on .From the section Cycling

Race director Christian Prudhomme said "the Tour de France is sad" after Mark Cavendish crashed out of what is set to be his final appearance in the event.

Manxman Cavendish, 38, broke a collarbone in an innocuous-looking crash about 60km from the finish of stage eight from Libourne to Limoges.

That means he is set to retire on a record-equalling 34 stage victories - the same as Belgian legend Eddy Merckx.

"It is an emotional day, he was so sad just after the fall," said Prudhomme.

Cavendish announced in May he would retire at the end of the season.

"He is the best sprinter in the history of the Tour de France and he wanted to try to win the 35th stage," added Prudhomme.

"He is sad, we are sad, the Tour de France is sad."

After missing last year's Tour, Cavendish entered this year's race looking to take sole ownership of the record for stage victories.

The Astana Qazaqstan rider was agonisingly close to doing just that on Friday, but an issue with his gears allowed Jasper Philipsen to pip him.

Cavendish was "bitterly disappointed" by that - and within 24 hours his race was over.

He hit the deck after touching wheels with Pello Bilbao and was helped into the back of an ambulance and taken to hospital in Perigueux.

"Everyone in the team is hurting," said Mark Renshaw, who was Cavendish's lead-out man from 2009-2011 and in 2016, and joined Astana as a sprint adviser prior to the Tour.

Cavendish made his Tour debut in 2007 and has failed to finish seven of his 14 appearances.

Mads Pedersen, who won Saturday's stage, said it had been a "pleasure" to ride against him.

"I always had a good relationship with him in the peloton," said the Dane. "It's so sad for a legend to finish the Tour like this."

Two-time winner Tadej Pogacar said: "I think everybody here wanted him to win one stage, and yesterday he was super close. It's a bad moment.

"He was one of my favourites when we were kids. Him sprinting on the Champs-Elysees.... we just wanted to have his style and his legs."
• None Is hydrogen the solution to our energy needs? The Inquiry explores the potential of replacing our fossil-fuel usage with hydrogen
• None How did Mitchell Johnson rise from the ashes? The former Australia bowler talks about restoring his reputation following his public ridicule in 2010

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. 'Unite behind us and we can defeat the SNP' - Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross

The Conservative party has rejected a suggestion from its leader in Scotland that voters could tactically back Labour to oust the SNP.

Speaking to the Sunday Telegraph, Douglas Ross said "where there is the strongest candidate to beat the SNP, you get behind that candidate."

It would be a case of parties doing "what's best for the country", he said.

"This is emphatically not the view of the Conservative Party," a Tory spokesperson said.

"We want people to vote for Conservative candidates wherever they are standing as that's the best way to keep Labour and the SNP out."

In most of the SNP's constituencies, that would actually mean voting Labour or Liberal Democrat.

In his interview, Mr Ross said: "The public know how to tactically vote in Scotland...

"I will always encourage Scottish Conservative voters to vote Scottish Conservatives.

"But I think generally the public can see, and they want the parties to accept, that where there is a strongest candidate to beat the SNP, you get behind that candidate.

"If parties maybe look a bit beyond their own narrow party agenda to what's best for the country - and for me as Scottish Conservative leader, what would be best is if we see this grip that the SNP have on Scotland at the moment is loosened."

But later on Sunday, Mr Ross sought to clarify his position, insisting this did not mean encouraging Conservative voters to vote for other parties.

He told BBC Scotland: "I urge every Scottish Conservative voter to vote Scottish Conservative and I would always do that.

"But we also know that in many parts of the country, the Scottish Conservatives are the biggest challengers to the SNP so if supporters of other parties unite behind the Scottish Conservative candidate, we have the best possible chance of defeating many SNP MPs.

"That will clearly send a message that the public want our politics in Scotland focused on their real priorities - not a divisive independence referendum."

He added: "It is up to other party leaders to suggest what they are doing in the seats they are targeting.

"If the supporters of other parties unite behind us we can defeat the SNP and get a result similar or better than what happened in 2017 when the SNP lost a significant number of MPs."

Labour's Jackie Baillie said voting for Labour would be all they would ask people to do

While local council elections are taking place across much of England and Northern Ireland in May, no seats are up for grabs in Scotland or Wales.

The next general election must take place on or before 28 January 2025, but it is widely expected that one will be held in the weeks or months before this date.

The SNP has dominated the last three general elections in Scotland.

Although Labour has only one Scottish MP, the party has hopes of returning more. But that does not mean tactical voting pacts.

Scottish Labour deputy Jackie Baillie told BBC Scotland: "There is no mistake in this. We are asking people to vote Labour.

"If they want to see the back of the Conservatives in the UK government because they have had enough of being let down by them and they want to see the back of the SNP in Holyrood, then the only vote that will do that is a Labour vote.

"That is all we are asking people to do. Nothing else."

The SNP said a pact could not be ruled out after a number of deals were done with the Tories in councils across Scotland following last year's local elections.

The party's deputy leader Keith Brown said: "It shows just how little difference there is between the Tories and the pro-Brexit Labour party that Douglas Ross is willing to endorse them instead of his own party.

"Keir Starmer has taken Labour so far to the right that they are now just a pale imitation of the Tories - backing Brexit, supporting brutal austerity and attacking devolution."

It is not the first time Douglas Ross and Scottish Conservatives have broken with the main party line.

In January last year, the Scottish leader said the position of the then Prime Minister Boris Johnson was "no longer tenable" after Mr Johnson admitted attending a Downing Street party during lockdown.

Mr Ross later rowed back on this position following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Mr Ross's remarks come at a time of crisis for the SNP in the wake of Nicola Sturgeon's resignation as first minister and party leader, and the arrest of her husband Peter Murrell.

Mr Murrell, the former SNP chief executive, has been questioned over the party's finances. He has since been released without charge pending further investigation.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon told reporters recent days had been "obviously difficult".

In her first public comments since the arrest on Wednesday, Ms Sturgeon said she would "fully cooperate" with the police if they asked to interview her.

Asked if she had been questioned by officers, Ms Sturgeon replied: "I haven't, but I will fully cooperate with the police as and when they request that, if indeed they do."

She was talking to reporters outside her Glasgow home on Saturday, when taking questions after giving a brief statement.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Iran's Revolutionary Guards say seven officers have been killed in an Israeli strike on the Iranian consulate building in Syria's capital, Damascus.

Brig-Gen Mohammad Reza Zahedi, a senior commander of the elite Quds Force, and Brig-Gen Mohammad Hadi Haji-Rahimi, his deputy, were named among the dead.

Iran and Syria's governments condemned the attack, which destroyed a building next door to the Iranian embassy.

The Israeli military said it did not comment on foreign media reports.

However, it has acknowledged carrying out hundreds of strikes in recent years on targets in Syria that it says are linked to Iran and allied armed groups which are armed, funded and trained by the Revolutionary Guards.

The Israeli strikes have reportedly been stepped up since the start of the war in Gaza in October last year, in response to cross-border attacks on northern Israel by Hezbollah and other Iran-backed groups in Lebanon and Syria.

But Monday's attack will be seen as a serious escalation.

The Israelis appear to be testing the resolve of the Iranians and their allies and signalling that they are serious about increasing pressure on their enemies.

The Israelis are looking at the fact that both Iran and Hezbollah have not been pushing as hard as some might expect. Now they will see if Iran and Hezbollah are going to push back.

There will be a response, but it may not be the one people expect. Rather than missiles, it may be some sort of cyber-attack.

The Iranian embassy (left) does not appear to have been damaged in the strike on the next door consulate building

Syria's defence ministry said Israeli aircraft targeted the Iranian consulate building, which was on a highway in the western Mezzeh district of Damascus, from the direction of the occupied Golan Heights at about 17:00 local time (14:00 GMT) on Monday.

Syrian air defences shot down some of the missiles they launched, but others made it through and "destroyed the entire building, killing and injuring everyone inside", the ministry added.

The ministry said work was under way to recover the bodies and rescue the wounded from beneath the rubble, without saying how many casualties there were or naming any of them.

Photos and videos from the scene showed smoke and dust rising from the remains of the collapsed multi-storey building. The Iranian embassy next door did not appear to have sustained any significant damage.

The Iranian ambassador, Hossein Akbari, said Israeli F-35 fighter jets "brutally targeted my place of residence and the consular section of the embassy, along with Iran's military attaches". He told Iranian state TV that between five and seven people were killed, including some diplomats.

Later, the Revolutionary Guards put out a statement saying that seven of its officers were killed, including Brig-Gen Mohammad Reza Zahedi and Brig-Gen Mohammad Hadi Haji-Rahimi, whom it described as commanders and "senior military advisers".

Iranian media said Zahedi, 63, was a senior figure in the Quds Force - the Revolutionary Guards' overseas operations arm - and served as commander in Lebanon and Syria between 2008 and 2016. Haji-Rahimi was meanwhile identified as Zahedi's deputy.

Zahedi is one of the most high-profile Iranian figures believed to have been killed by Israel in the country's long campaign of targeted assassinations.

The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which relies on a network of sources on the ground in Syria, reported that eight people were killed - a high-ranking leader of the Quds Force, two Iranian advisers and five members of the Revolutionary Guards.

Syria's Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad said he strongly condemned what he called "this heinous terrorist attack", adding that it had killed "a number of innocent people".

In a telephone conversation with Mr Mekdad, Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian described the strike as "a violation of all international obligations and conventions" and "blamed the consequences of this action on the Zionist regime", the Iranian foreign ministry said.

He also "stressed the need for a serious response by the international community".

A White House spokeswoman said US President Joe Biden was aware of the reports.

In a briefing to journalists on Monday, IDF spokesperson Rear Adm Daniel Hagari said an apparent drone attack on a naval base in the southern Israeli city of Eilat was "a very serious incident". The drone was "made and directed by Iran", he said.

This attack followed suspected Israeli strikes on Damascus and the northern city of Aleppo last Friday, which the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said killed 53 people, including 38 Syrian soldiers and seven members of the Iran-backed Lebanese armed group Hezbollah.

In January, another strike in Mezzeh that was blamed on Israel killed five senior Revolutionary Guards and several Syrian security personnel.

Israel has previously acknowledged carrying out strikes in Syria to combat what it calls Iran's "military entrenchment", as well as shipments of Iranian weapons to allied groups which it proscribes as terrorist organisations.

Iran has said Revolutionary Guards have been sent to Syria to "advise" President Bashar al-Assad's forces in the country's civil war, but it has denied they have been involved in combat or established bases.

Junior doctors in Scotland are set to strike after rejecting a pay offer made by the Scottish government.

BMA Scotland said three days of strike action would take place between 12 and 15 July unless an improved offer was made.

The Scottish government had proposed a 14.5% pay rise over a period of two years, which it described as the best offer in the UK.

But the union said that 71.1% of its members had voted to reject the offer.

If the action goes ahead it will be the first time junior doctors will have gone on strike in Scotland.

Dr Chris Smith, the chair of the BMA's Scottish junior doctor committee, said members had spoken "decisively and clearly" - but that strike action would be taken "reluctantly".

He said: "It is beyond doubt that they do not consider this offer sufficient to begin the process of addressing the pay erosion we have suffered since 2008 - when pay for a junior doctor was some 28.5% higher.

"That is why our message to the Scottish government today is stark. Come back with an improved offer and we can still avert the need for strikes and the disruption they will cause us all and patients in particular.

"The ball is now firmly back in the government's court, and I hope they respond urgently and positively."

Industrial actions have already been taken by Junior doctors, ambulance staff and nurses in England

The union, which has been calling for a 23.5% increase, says it is now seeking an urgent meeting with Health Secretary Michael Matheson.

He said he was disappointed in the decision, and that strike action was in "no-one's interest".

"This was the biggest investment in junior doctor pay for the last 20 years and a step forward to modernising pay bargaining, restoring confidence amongst junior doctors and ensuring that their contribution to our healthcare system is appropriately recognised," he said.

"My door remains open, and I will meet with BMA Scotland later this week to discuss how we move forward."

He previously told the BBC he would "do everything" to avoid industrial action.

Junior doctors - fully-qualified medics who are not specialty staff doctors, consultants or GPs - make up 44% of the doctors in the NHS in Scotland.

They had originally voted to take strike action in May, before a fresh pay offer was made by the government a few weeks later.

That would have involved a pay rise of 6.5% in 2023/24 and an additional 3% towards an already agreed 4.5% uplift in 2022/23, as well as talks on a change to the system of pay reviews in future.

Michael Matheson said he would meet BMA Scotland this week

BMA Scotland put the offer to its members with no recommendation.

Scottish Conservative health spokesman Dr Sandesh Gulhane urged the government to "get back round the table" and find a solution to the dispute.

"Patients who are already suffering will be deeply alarmed at the impact looming strike action will have on waiting times which are already too high on the SNP's watch," he said.

Scottish Labour's health spokesperson Jackie Baillie said the responsibility for the strikes "lies solely" with the health secretary.

Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Alex Cole-Hamilton said that talks with the BMA should be escalated to bring the dispute to "a swift conclusion".

First Minister Humza Yousaf said the government would continue to engage with junior doctors.

And he added: "In my time as health secretary we didn't lose a single day of winter to NHS strikes - which is very different to every other part of the UK."

In England, Junior doctors who are asking for a 35% pay rise, are set to head to the picket line again on Wednesday as part of a 72-hour walkout. The latest industrial action by members in England follows strikes in March and April, leading to the cancellation of more than 196,000 hospital appointments.

Ambulance staff in England and Wales have also taken action with members belonging to three unions - GMB, Unison and Unite - striking in January. Unite members in the south-east walked out in May.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Premier League leaders Arsenal scored two late goals as they fought back to draw a thriller at home to struggling Southampton.

It was a third draw in a row for the Gunners and Manchester City are now five points behind but with two games in hand - and host the Gunners at Etihad Stadium next Wednesday.

Saints led after just 28 seconds, when Carlos Alcaraz capitalised on an Aaron Ramsdale error to score.

Arsenal have now conceded the two fastest goals at home in the Premier League this season, the other being Philip Billing's strike after 9.11 seconds for Bournemouth.

Theo Walcott doubled the Southampton lead against his former club, before Gabriel Martinelli pulled one back for the league leaders.

Duje Caleta-Car restored the Southampton two-goal advantage and appeared to seal the three points - only for Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka to score in the 88th and 90th minutes to earn a draw.

It follows draws away to Liverpool and West Ham United for Mikel Arteta's side in their previous two games.

Southampton remain bottom of the table and three points from safety, having now failed to win in seven league games.

After being unable to maintain a two-goal lead in their previous two Premier League games, Arsenal found the shoe on the other foot as they went 2-0 down inside 12 minutes in front of a shocked Emirates Stadium.

While Arsenal have been affected badly by absences - Granit Xhaka missed this match through illness, while key defender William Saliba remains out injured - this draw, more than those against Liverpool and West Ham, indicated the pressure may be getting to them in the title race.

Ramsdale had clearly not learned from Manchester United keeper David de Gea's error the day before.

Like the Spaniard, he attempted a short pass to the edge of his area, but Alcaraz pounced and fired home across the Arsenal keeper.

If Arsenal were stunned then, they were really rattled soon after when Alcaraz's through ball was picked up by Walcott, who ghosted away from Gabriel and coolly finished, before refusing to celebrate against his old team.

Only then did the Gunners rouse themselves as Oleksandr Zinchenko, on the night he became the first Ukrainian to make 100 Premier League appearances, called an inquest among all 11 Arsenal players in the centre circle.

And it had an impact, as Martinelli volleyed home on 18 minutes, before Arsenal went on to dominate possession and chances as Southampton tried to kill time whenever they could.

But when Caleta-Car escaped his marker at the far post to head home a corner in the 66th minute, it left Arsenal's title bid in serious trouble.

Captain Odegaard's fine left-footed strike and Saka finishing on the rebound from a Reiss Nelson shot amid a grandstand finish at least saved a point.

Nathan Jones' spell in charge of Southampton earlier this season was ill-fated to say the least - but if he did one thing right, it was the signing of Alcaraz.

The 20-year-old Argentine scored the winner against Leicester last month, and he took advantage of Ramsdale's early mistake to score Southampton's opener before playing the decisive pass for their second goal.

Alcaraz was a livewire throughout the first half, even proving the hero on his own goalline as he cleared a Ben White header in stoppage time.

His skill, effort and energy visibly lifted his team-mates - so it was a major surprise to see him subbed at half-time as Southampton boss Ruben Selles brought on defender Lyanco to play five at the back.

Southampton were clearly only interested in defending the three points in the second half, and Arsenal's Gabriel Jesus very visibly counted on his fingers for the referee the number of seconds Saints keeper Gavin Bazunu took with the ball.

However, they could not quite hold on for a first away league win at Arsenal since 1987. One can only wonder what might have been had Alcaraz remained on the pitch.
• None Attempt missed. Thomas Partey (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Gabriel Magalhães.
• None Attempt blocked. Reiss Nelson (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
• None Ibrahima Diallo (Southampton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury James Ward-Prowse (Southampton).
• None Leandro Trossard (Arsenal) hits the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box. Assisted by Reiss Nelson.
• None Goal! Arsenal 3, Southampton 3. Bukayo Saka (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.
• None Attempt saved. Reiss Nelson (Arsenal) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gabriel Jesus.
• None Attempt blocked. Gabriel Jesus (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Eddie Nketiah.
• None Offside, Southampton. Gavin Bazunu tries a through ball, but Paul Onuachu is caught offside.
• None Goal! Arsenal 2, Southampton 3. Martin Ødegaard (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ben White. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. A day at the beach that would save Lucy Humphrey's life

Lucy Humphrey potentially only had a few years to live when she took a trip to the beach with her partner and two dogs.

But thanks to a chance encounter with a stranger "chosen" by one of her pets, her life was saved.

After living with lupus - a condition which causes inflammation to the heart, lungs, liver, kidneys and joints - for more than a decade and a half, her kidneys failed.

Despite dialysis, in 2019 she was told she might only have five years to live without a transplant.

Shortly before that, Lucy, 44, and her partner Cenydd Owen, 49, both from Caerphilly, bought a campervan to take the dogs, two Dobermans named Jake and Indie, away on the weekend, but their plans to use it were put on hold by treatment.

They had planned a two-day break to Aberystwyth in June 2021 - four-and-a-half years after Lucy's kidney failure - but she was too unwell to travel that far.

They decided to go to Cold Knap beach in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, instead.

Lucy and Cenydd parked their campervan overlooking the beach and set themselves up with a barbecue with their dogs.

"Indie kept going over to this woman about 100 yards away," Lucy said.

Indie, Lucy and Cenydd's dog who "chose" Katie at the beach

"She kept going back and forward to her and we kept calling her back, because obviously a big Doberman can be a little bit intimidating.

"We thought she had food or something and Cenydd kept calling her back. In the end we went over to apologise to her."

The stranger was Katie James, a 40-year-old, from Barry.

She sat at the beach crocheting and it turned out she didn't mind Indie going over to her.

Katie (left) was initially invited by Lucy (right) to her beach barbecue

"She was actually having quite a bad time herself, so I invited her to our barbecue," said Lucy.

"She came over, bought some drink over with her, and offered me some.

"Cenydd explained that I couldn't drink as I was on dialysis. She was like 'oh what's that for', and he said she's waiting for a kidney transplant."

Surprised, Katie explained: "Oh I've just gone on the kidney donation register!"

"Who are you going to donate your kidney to?" asked Cenydd.

"Anyone who wants it," Katie replied.

Katie and Lucy swapped numbers and contacted a donor coordinator the next day.

Lucy, Katie and Cenydd at the hospital

"She had all the tests and it turned out she was a perfect match," said Lucy.

"A surgeon told us it's a one in 22 million chance to find the perfect match, and that's what I needed as I've got Lupus.

"The transplant took a little while, as Covid was going on at the time, so it kept being postponed."

In the lead up, Katie set up a group on WhatsApp called The Kidney Gang.

"All her visits to the hospital she was updating us and sending recorded messages and pictures," said Cenydd.

"I've still got all the recordings and how excited she was that she was doing something good. It's just mad a total stranger and Lucy's got her life back.

Lucy and Katie recovering from the transplant in hospital

"For the last five years, she couldn't drink anything and she was restricted on what she could eat. Now, she can eat and drink what she likes and we're starting to get our life back to normal."

Despite complications in the initial weeks afterwards, Lucy said the transplant, which took place on 3 October 2022 at University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff, was a success.

"We went in together on the Sunday, and on the Monday morning they took us down, took my kidney out, popped it into Lucy and Bob's your uncle," said Katie.

"I feel really lucky that I got to know Lucy, I know that its worked and I know that she's out there living her life. To me, there's been no negative to it whatsoever.

"I feel really proud of myself, I get embarrassed sometimes though as every time I'm out with my nan she will tell a stranger 'oh my granddaughter donated a kidney'.

"It's the best thing I've ever done and I feel so proud of myself and my family are proud of me."

Lucy, Cenydd and Katie still regularly meet up

"It was the fact that Indie almost sussed her out and chose her," said Lucy.

"They did tell me a few years back I only had about five years, dialysis doesn't work forever, and you can only have so many access lines put in as well.

"I really needed this transplant, I'd been on the waiting list for several years. It's completely changed my life already."

However, he said: "She doesn't like my jokes, and said if I don't stop telling her jokes, she wants her kidney back. She never signed up for my jokes.

"We ended up going to Barry by total chance, meeting Katie by total chance, and Lucy's ended up with a kidney.

"We want to show that there is always hope for people. Never give in, because you never know, we weren't even going to go to the beach that day. There's a lot of good people out there."

Figures show more than 26,000 people in Northern Ireland are using a food bank for the first time

A record number of food parcels was distributed in Northern Ireland in the past year by the UK's largest food bank network.

The Trussell Trust provided 81,084 emergency food parcels between April 2022 and March 2023.

That represents the most food parcels the charity has ever distributed in the region in a single year.

The trust said it was "particularly alarming" that more than 35,000 emergency parcels were for children.

The latest figures are also higher than the number of food parcels delivered during the height of the Covid-19 pandemic, almost a third higher than in 2021-22 and more than double the figure in 2018-19.

The Trussell Trust network has 51 food banks and distribution centres in Northern Ireland and more than 1,600 across the UK.

But the charity said that as many other organisations also run food banks, its figures do not fully reflect their overall use.

Some community and church groups across Northern Ireland also run independent food banks.

Jonny Currie, Northern Ireland lead for the Trussell Trust, said he is "incredibly concerned at the increasing level of need" across Northern Ireland.

He told BBC News NI the situation was the worst he had ever seen.

"We are seeing that a range of people from all sorts of backgrounds are having to rely on emergency food, from folks who are struggling on social security to be able to pay for the essentials, through to people who are in work," he said.

"So roughly 20% of people who are referred to foodbanks in our network have someone at home who is in work.

"We are incredibly concerned about the year that lies ahead of us."

Mr Currie said local food banks are incredibly concerned about the year ahead

Mr Currie said the rising cost of food is affecting more people every day.

Over the past year, the cost of living has soared.

Rising prices for bread, cereal and chocolate, for example, have helped push food prices to a 45-year high.

Mr Currie said the main reasons most people were referred to local food banks was because their income was not enough to meet the essentials, insecure work or a sudden life event that has affected them financially.

"The most pressing issue is the cost of essentials is rising and that's pushing more and more people through our doors," he said.

"The challenge that we face as a food bank charity and for other providers of this type of crisis support is, it's simply not sustainable long term.

"Food banks shouldn't exist - we are glad that they do - but we want to ensure that people have ways of accessing an income so they can afford the essentials for themselves."

A statement from Trussell Trust added: "More than 26,000 people in Northern Ireland are using a Trussell Trust food bank for the first time - this is almost the same as the population of the town of Antrim."

December 2022 was the busiest month on record in the region, with 12,262 parcels distributed.

A parcel typically has food for one person for three days but it also provides parcels with food for one person for seven days.

The figures combine the provision of both types of parcel.

Of the 81,084 emergency food parcels distributed in the past year, more than 35,000 were for children and almost 46,000 for adults

The trust has called for Universal Credit payments to rise to cover the cost of essentials such as food, heating and clothes.

It said that would reduce the need for people to use food banks.

Mr Currie said those most vulnerable needed a functioning government at Stormont to make decisions and create policies that affect those who are most disadvantaged.

"We really need a long-term plan that will address poverty. We need programmes that will put more money in people's pockets and we need a strong network of local services so that people can access support before having to turn to a food bank," he added.

Previous analysis has suggested that around one in four children in Northern Ireland are living in poverty.

A scheme to provide payments to families on low incomes to help with the cost of food during school holidays was, however, recently axed by the Department of Education.

Last updated on .From the section Cricket

England's Stuart Broad has become just the second pace bowler to take 600 wickets in Test cricket.

Broad, 36, reached the mark by removing Australia's Travis Head on day one of the fourth Ashes Test at Old Trafford.

England team-mate James Anderson is the only other quick bowler to achieve the feat.

Broad is fifth on the all-time list and Anderson third, with spinners Muttiah Muralitharan, Shane Warne and Anil Kumble completing the top five.

Nottinghamshire bowler Broad made his debut against Sri Lanka in Colombo 2007, going on to make 166 Test appearances to date and be part of four Ashes-winning sides.

He began the Old Trafford Test on 598 wickets but moved to 599 when he trapped Usman Khawaja lbw, before bringing up 600 when Head was caught by Joe Root on the boundary.
• None How many of Broad's Test victims can you name?

"Never in my dreams did I think this would be a thing," Broad told BBC Sport.

"Michael Vaughan was the skipper that gave me my first cap and my ultimate feeling there in Sri Lanka was never that this was the end game but instead that I wanted to win series and create memories.

"Some players feel like they have achieved what they wanted to after getting a Test cap and I've been fortunate enough to create memories. Never did I think I would be up there with the greats of the game."

In taking his 600th scalp, Broad surpassed Ian Botham to become the highest wicket-taker from any nation against Australia, with 149.

Only Australians Shane Warne (195), Dennis Lillee (167) and Glenn McGrath (157) have taken more in Ashes Tests.

Broad is known for his devastating spells of bowling that turn matches in England's favour, including famously at his home ground Trent Bridge in 2015 when he took 8-15 to bowl out Australia for 60.

He also took 5-5 in just 5.1 overs against India at the same ground in 2011, including his first Test match hat-trick as MS Dhoni, Harbhajan Singh and Praveen Kumar fell in successive deliveries.

Rank these five magic spells of Stuart Broad bowling.

Broad, who is the son of former England batter Chris, is also well known for the hold he seemingly has over David Warner, having dismissed the Australia opener 17 times during his career.

Only two other players have dismissed a single batter more in Test cricket.

A second hat-trick against Sri Lanka in 2014 also means he is the only England bowler to take two Test hat-tricks.
• None David Warner on the Ashes, sledging and Stuart Broad rivalry

Broad has also played 121 one-day internationals and 56 T20s in his career. Overall, he has taken 843 international wickets across all three formats, putting him seventh on the all-time list.

In 2016 he was awarded an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for services to cricket.

Small businesses and unions have hit back at the Bank of England's chief economist saying people need to accept they are poorer otherwise prices will keep soaring.

Huw Pill said a game of "pass the parcel" of workers asking for wage rises and businesses passing on higher costs was fuelling inflation.

He added there was a "reluctance to accept" households were worse off.

But the Federation of Small Businesses said his comments were "out of touch".

Tina McKenzie, policy chair of the trade body, said small firms had been left with no choice to pass on the "huge increases they have seen for energy and input costs" to customers.

"In many cases even that is not enough to fill the gap," she added.

Ms McKenzie said many firms who are "only just hanging on day by day", were not able to invest and were cutting costs.

Amanda Gearing, a senior organiser for the GMB union, said it was "absolutely outrageous to be honest, asking some of our lowest paid workers in this country, not to take a pay increase when inflation is so high".

"People can't afford to live, they're not able to pay their rent or put food on the table," she told the BBC's Today programme.

Paul Nowak, the TUC general secretary, added people didn't "need lectures" over pay and called for a plan to "make sure workers get their fair share".

UK inflation, which is a measure of the increase in price of something over time, hit 10.1% in the year to March.

For example, if a pint of milk cost £1 but went up to £1.10 a year later, then annual milk inflation is 10%.

March's inflation figure was slightly lower than February but the fall does not mean prices are coming down, it means they are rising at a slightly slower pace.

Part of the Bank of England's role is to try to keep inflation at its target rate of 2%. The Bank, which is the UK's central bank, is charged with setting interest rates and in response to the inflation rate going up in recent times, its officials have increased interest rates - which make the cost of borrowing money more expensive for people and businesses.

This strategy, in theory, is meant to make people spend less so that demand for goods reduces and prices slow down or even fall.

But with the strain of rising prices being felt by households trying to pay higher energy bills and food costs, many people have asked for pay rises to help ease the cost of living.

People working across several industries, such as rail, the NHS and the civil service, have gone on strike in recent months over various reasons including pay.

And with job vacancies still being higher than they have been in previous years, workers have had a stronger hand in asking their employers for more money.

Mr Pill, who made £95,183, including benefits, in his first six months at the Bank, is paid more than £190,000 a year.

He told the Beyond Unprecedented podcast from Columbia Law School that people demanding higher pay and businesses passing on increased costs by putting prices up, added to inflation and caused prices to rise even further across the economy.

He said what the UK imports from other countries, such as natural gas, was costing a lot more than what it exports.

"You don't need to be much of an economist to realise that if what you're buying has gone up a lot relative to what you're selling, you're going to be worse off," he said.

"Somehow in the UK, someone needs to accept that they're worse off and stop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices, whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers."

He added: "What we're facing now is that reluctance to accept that. That pass-the-parcel game that's going on here, that game is one that's generating inflation, and that part of inflation can persist."

Huw Pill is the chief economist at the Bank of England

Thomas Moore, senior investment director at Abrdn, told BBC 5Live Mr Pill's words "need to accept" were a "red rag to the bull".

But he added: "You can see that underlying all of this, he has got a point which is as long as inflation stays high, we are going to demand higher wages and as long as we demand higher wages, inflation is going to stay high."

But although pay has been going up, it has not matched inflation, meaning people are worse off.

There have been arguments by some economists that employers giving out large pay rises could spark a "wage-price" spiral, when pay increases help force prices up and high inflation lasts for a longer time.

The car crashed into the school at about 10:00 BST on Thursday

Police are continuing to question a woman over a car crash at a school which killed an eight-year-old girl, as floral tributes are laid at the scene.

Twelve people were taken to hospital after a Land Rover crashed into The Study Preparatory School in Wimbledon.

None of the children injured on Thursday are in a critical condition, the chair of governors told the BBC.

The woman in her 40s remains in custody having been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

One line of inquiry is that the driver had a medical incident, the BBC understands.

The Met Police has removed the car from the site, in south-west London, as part of its investigation and the cordon has been lifted. The force has said it is not treating the crash as terror-related.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The BBC's Mark Lobel is at the scene the day after the fatal crash

London Ambulance Service said it sent 15 ambulances to the scene and treated 16 people.

St George's Hospital in Tooting said it had received "a number of patients who are being cared for by our specialist clinical teams".

Det Ch Sup Clair Kelland, local police commander for south-west London, said: "We would ask people not to speculate while we work to understand the full circumstances of what has happened during this tragic incident."

Floral tributes have been laid outside the school for girls aged four to 11, which is based on Camp Road near Wimbledon Common.

One local teacher, who asked not to be named, told the BBC she knows some of the families affected by the crash and said they were "distressed".

Floral tributes have been placed outside the school gates

She said: "I wanted to pay tribute to this girl, her family and the school, and I'm really sorry.

"I wanted to pay my respects and for [my son] to see that's an important thing to do."

MP for Wimbledon Stephen Hammond said the pupils had been gathered for an end-of-year celebration party in the garden. He described the crash as "extremely distressing and extremely concerning".

John Tucker, chair of the board of governors, said "the school community is profoundly affected by this tragedy".

He added that activities planned at the school on Friday had been cancelled.

The school's website was replaced by a holding page with a statement reading: "We are profoundly shocked by the tragic accident this morning at Wilberforce House and devastated that it has claimed the life of one of our young pupils as well as injuring several others.

"Our thoughts are with the bereaved family and with the families of those injured at this terrible time."

The private girls' school is just a mile away from the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club as it hosts the world-famous tennis tournament.

Ian Hewitt, chair of the All England Club, visited the school to "offer our heartfelt sympathies to all affected by this tragic, tragic incident".

Ian Hewitt visited the school to pay his respects on Friday

He added: "I just want to offer condolences on behalf of the All England Club and everyone involved in Wimbledon Tennis.

"We feel closely associated with the community and we recognise what a tragic incident [it is]."

On Thursday, a spokesman for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said his "deepest condolences" were with the family of the girl who had died, and his thoughts were with all of those involved and injured.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

Krystle Berger before and after she has used an app called FaceTune to change her appearance

The issue of photo manipulation on social media has long been a concern for many, but with the technology now increasingly extending to videos, should authorities intervene?

Krystle Berger insists that she is "not drastically changing my features" when she posts photos and videos across Instagram, TikTok and Facebook. "I'm really just digitally giving myself the perfect make-up and lighting," she says.

A young mother from the US state of Indiana, Ms Berger pays to subscribe to an app called FaceTune that has been downloaded more than 200 million times around the world.

The app allows users to both make subtle changes to their facial appearance, such as smoothing over wrinkles, or alternatively - completely transform how they look. For example, they can narrow their face, change the shape and size of their eyes, or give themselves a digital nose-job.

Originally only able to work on photos, two years ago FaceTune launched a version for short selfie videos that has increasingly grown in its effectiveness since then.

FaceTune was one of the first firms in the sector to extend its app from still images to videos

Meanwhile, another popular app that allows users to alter their social media photos - Perfect365 - is due to launch its video version later this year.

FaceTune is owned by Israeli-firm Lightricks and two years ago the company was reported to have a valuation of $1.8bn (£1.4bn).

Lightricks' founder Zeev Farbman says that "the name of the game" is making the app work as easily as possible. "You want to give people 80% of the power, with 20% of the complexity of professional software. That's the game we are trying to play."

But it has long been argued that such tools are unhealthy, in that they promote an unrealistic view of beauty that can be dangerous, particularly for impressionable children and young adults. For example, 80% of teenage girls said they had changed their appearance in an online photo by the age of 13, according to a 2021 survey by skincare brand Dove.

While no-one is calling for the tech to be banned, there have been increasing moves to force social media advertisers and influencers - people who are often being paid to promote products in a more informal way - to admit when they have altered their physical image.

Should governments regulate the use of social media photo and video manipulation?

Norway introduced a law in 2021 that requires these two social media groups to indicate whether a photograph has been retouched. France is now going one stage further, and is in the process of demanding the same requirement, but for both photos and videos.

Meanwhile, the UK is now looking at the same issue, as the government's Online Safety Bill continues to make its way through Parliament. However, it remains to be seen whether the law will target just adverts on social media, or influencers as well.

A spokesperson for the new Department for Science, Innovation and Technology said: "The government recognises the threat that digitally manipulated content can pose, and takes the issue very seriously."

Conservative MP Luke Evans has long campaigned for advertisers and influencers to admit when they have altered an image on social media.

He wants to see the new law "contain future proofed regulation", so it also requires the same admission for altered videos, and any other tech developments.

"It's imperative that we have wider awareness and increased transparency surrounding these new technologies," he says. "For me this is all about honesty."

New Tech Economy is a series exploring how technological innovation is set to shape the new emerging economic landscape.

Mr Farbman's response is that while "this conversation was always there... over time the acceptance of these tools just grows". He adds that it is a free speech issue. "It's always kind of weird to me that a company will decide to limit the expressive freedom of its users, because of aesthetic or ethical sensibilities."

Sean Mao, the chief executive of San Francisco-based Perfect365, urges people to use its app "in a safe and ethical way". He adds: "We encourage people to use the app to express their creativity and not to use the app with malicious intent to deceive others or misrepresent themselves."

Psychologist Stuart Duff, a partner at UK practice Pearn Kandola, says that some social media influencers will always be tempted to use tricks to improve their online appearance - because being good-looking sells.

"Physical attraction has a very strong but often unconscious influence on our decisions when it comes to buying products and services from others," he says.

"When asked what matters most, we consciously talk down the importance of physical appearance and talk up qualities such as intelligence, values and personality, yet psychological research consistently reveals a strong positive relationship between a person's attractiveness and their ability to sell to us."

One social media influencer who goes by the name of Brandon B has 5.6 million subscribers on YouTube. He takes the view that photo and video manipulation apps should be seen in a positive light.

Social media influencer Brandon B says that image manipulation apps can give some people increased confidence

"I'm glad these apps exist, because I think there are a lot of people who are not body positive enough to present on social media, so they might feel left out," he says. "These tools help them get on social media."

However, Dr Shira Brown, an emergency physician at South Niagara Hospital, in Ontario, Canada, says that "distorted perceptions of body image" appear to be being "exacerbated by common social media practices".

She adds: "We see the urgent mental health consequences of social media in our departments on a daily basis, such as anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and depression."

"I myself am a boomer! I'm, like, horrible!"

There's something a bit unexpected about one of the most famous people on the planet using what's become a term of abuse about themselves instead of choreographed gushing about their latest project.

But Arnold Schwarzenegger's path in life has been unexpected, and unprecedented: celebrity bodybuilder; Hollywood action hero; Republican Party governor of California; climate campaigner.

Technically, he is indeed one of the post-war generation - the baby boomers, much mocked for not moving with the times.

But when we meet to talk at his glossy climate conference in Vienna where everything, including the hot dogs, is vegan, he teases himself to make a big point.

Politicians must move much faster, he believes, to preserve the planet for the generations to come. And Schwarzenegger's strong belief is that the technology exists to crack down on emissions but the "boomers" might miss the chance.

This is the man who - as governor of California - in 2006 enacted a landmark climate change bill, the California Global Warming Solutions Act, which established greenhouse gas emission targets for the state.

He told me: 'We have to change with the times. I would not want to drive, except maybe for fun, a car that is 50 years old.

"I don't want to make investments that were really cool 50 years ago - you would lose your shirt today if you made those investments. We have to change with the technology, it's as simple as that."

And his message applies to environmental activists too, calling on campaigners not to try to block development as a solution to climate change, but to push for a different kind.

He said it's "the same with the environmental movement, we have to get out of the mode of stopping every project from being built. We've got to go and build, build, build all these green projects." In other words, hurry up!

His challenge is exactly the question that's being put to our governments too. It's true the UK has had a decent record on renewable energy compared with other countries.

Energy Secretary Grant Shapps boasted last weekend that "we're ahead of the game because of the level of renewables that we've got coming into our system right now".

But there is anxiety about that progress stalling, just when the scale of what's needed becomes clear.

Only two onshore wind turbines were built in England last year, for example.

The number of heat pumps that are being installed is woefully behind its ambition - the target is for 600,000 low-carbon heat pumps to be installed every year within five years; currently it's only 50,000 - less than 10%.

Just this week the world's fourth-biggest auto manufacturer Stellantis said the government's post-Brexit trade deal needed to change, otherwise it would have to reconsider building electric cars here.

The boss of the battery firm that went bust, Britishvolt, claimed the government foot-dragging was partly to blame for it going under - although that was denied by ministers.

And National Grid, not exactly prone to hyperbole, said "unprecedented" and "transformative" change was needed right now.

The statistics they published this week about what's needed by 2030 illustrate that in a pretty jaw-dropping way. They calculate the UK needs:

Labour's shadow climate change secretary Ed Miliband accuses the government of a "failure of ambition and action" when it comes to clean power.

"The planning ban on onshore wind alone is costing £180 for every family, and a government asleep at the wheel has allowed grid delays to grow to more than a decade," he says.

Labour, he promises, will lift the ban on onshore wind generation and "be builders, not blockers, for the clean power we need".

And when you talk to industry insiders, the frustration with the government's pace is obvious.

One source told me that "the government isn't accelerating - it's not doing much more than was agreed at Carbis Bay" - an international summit two years ago - even though the need is becoming more and more obvious and the conflict in Ukraine has made reliance on fossil fuels precarious in a different way.

Another, frustrated with the difference between the government's rhetoric and reality, told me Grant Shapps was "all hat, no cattle".

The differences are more obvious as the US has introduced an enormous plan for subsiding firms moving to use or produce green energy, the Inflation Reduction Act. And the EU has brought in its Net Zero Industry Act.

For now, the UK government is taking a very different approach.

Chancellor Jeremy Hunt and Chancellor-turned-Prime Minister Rishi Sunak are instinctively, and politically, not fans of that kind of intervention. Although when it comes to specific cases, they may still be prepared to act.

In fact, there are suggestions that Jeremy Hunt has offered cash incentives to Tata, the owner of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), to build a gigafactory for electric car batteries here. JLR says it hasn't been offered government money, and that decisions about the final location for the Tata factory are a matter for different European governments and Tata.

Labour's plans are in contrast, inspired by what President Joe Biden has done in the US, to use billions of pounds of taxpayers' cash to stimulate green industries and create many thousands of green jobs.

As we get closer to the election the clash between the two main parties on this will only become clearer.

Upping the pace of protecting the planet is obviously not as straightforward as writing a Hollywood script, or making a speech. It requires huge amounts of cash from somewhere and a reckoning with the planning system - classic material for backbench bust-ups - and political will.

Acting decisively on climate change is a long-term game when politicians like the sugar-rush of quick wins.

Public budgets are tight. Personal budgets in a cost of living crisis more painful still. Yet there is a political and economic risk, as well as an environmental one, to governments that fall behind.

At 75, self-professed "boomer" Arnold Schwarzenegger says: "Sometimes I'm not with the programme when it comes to technology.

"Luckily, I have kids that kind of remind me all the time 'daddy, you're so old fashioned, come on, get out of it…' I have somebody that pushes me away from that old-fashioned way."

Politicians can't afford to fall out of fashion or voters may push them out of the way.

Clarification 21 May: this article has been updated to make clear that reports suggest the government has offered cash incentives to Tata, not to Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), for a UK gigafactory. JLR says it hasn't been offered government money.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A two-year-old girl has been killed and 22 injured after an alleged Russian air strike in a residential area of Ukraine's central city Dnipro.

Her body was pulled from the rubble of a house in the Pidhorodnenska community overnight, the region's governor said.

Serhiy Lysak said five of those injured were children, with three boys in a serious condition in hospital.

An earlier video shared by Ukraine's president showed rescuers searching the remains of a two-storey building.

Volodymyr Zelensky has blamed Russia for the attack, but the Kremlin has yet to comment on the events.

In a later post, Mr Lysak said the girl, whose name was Lisa, was "cheerful and full of life". She and her mother were buried beneath rubble after a rocket exploded near their home.

Her mother was taken to intensive care, Mr Lysak said, along with three boys aged six, 11 and 15, all of whom have multiple injuries, concussions and fractures. The boys are now said to be "on the mend".

Explosions have also been heard over the capital, Kyiv, where air defence systems have again been deployed. The entire country had been placed under air raid alerts earlier.

Mr Zelensky described the blast in Dnipro as a deliberate Russian strike, although Russia has previously denied targeting civilians during its invasion of the neighbouring country.

Fires broke out following the alleged strike in a northern district of the city, according to the regional governor, who said 17 of those injured in the blast were taken to hospital.

Explosions were reported in other parts of the country. Air defence systems were engaged early Sunday in repelling air attacks near Kyiv, the head of the city's military administration said.

All missiles targeting the city were shot down, Serhiy Popko wrote on the Telegram messaging channel.

Officials in Sumy, in the north, recorded 87 blasts as a result of Russian shelling, speaking of injuries and destruction of infrastructure.

An operational airfield near the central city of Kropyvnytsky was hit by cruise missiles, Ukrainian air force spokesman Yury Ignat said on TV.

He said air defences were only able to shoot down four of the six missiles, and gave no details about damage at the site.

More than a dozen explosions were also reported in the Russian-occupied southern cities of Berdyansk and Melitopol, though details were scant.

In Russia, the governor of the border region of Belgorod said that a market area in the town of Shebekino, about four miles (7 km) from the Ukrainian border had been shelled on Sunday morning.

Earlier Vyacheslav Gladkov said two people had been killed in attacks near the town on Saturday. He urged residents in towns and villages along the border to leave their homes.

Local authorities said Ukraine was to blame, although Ukraine itself said the deaths were the result of Russia trying to target fighters who oppose the government in Moscow.

Kyiv denied having any direct involvement, again saying the attack was mounted by Russian paramilitaries.

In other developments, a close aide of President Zelensky has said his country is not yet ready to begin its long-promised counter-offensive against occupying Russian soldiers.

Speaking to the UK's Sunday Times newspaper, Dr Ihor Zhovkva blamed a lack of weaponry and ammunition.

His words appeared at odds with those of Mr Zelensky, who was quoted just a day earlier saying Ukraine was ready to start the manoeuvre.

But inconsistent comments from Ukrainian officials may be a deliberate effort to confuse Moscow, the Sunday Times noted.

The decision to press ahead with the construction of a second ferry at Ferguson shipyard is "not a blank cheque", a minister has said.

Economy Secretary Neil Gray said the Port Glasgow yard would have been put "in jeopardy" had the ferry, known as Hull 802, been built elsewhere.

A review found that finishing the ship does not represent value for money.

Opposition MSPs have described the Scottish government contract as an "utter fiasco".

Two ferries were ordered in 2015 when the yard was owned by Jim McColl, a pro-independence businessman who rescued it from administration a year earlier.

The build ran into trouble and the ships are now more than £200m overbudget and six years late.

Mr McColl and the government-owned ferry procurement agency CMAL blame each other for the problems.

Ferguson shipyard was nationalised in 2019. The first ship, Glen Sannox, is due to be delivered to operator CalMac in the autumn.

The second ferry. the as-yet unnamed Hull 802, is expected in summer 2024.

Neil Gray said Clyde shipbuilding would have ceased to exist if Ferguson had not been nationalised

Mr Gray told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland that the controversy had been a "really difficult episode" for the Scottish government.

He said: "The situation would have been made much worse had I taken a different decision yesterday not to proceed with 802 and have re-procured it elsewhere.

"That would have put the yard in jeopardy.

"Arguably more importantly than that, it would have put at risk our commitment to our island communities who need these vessels to serve them."

Mr Gray said commercial shipbuilding on the Clyde would have ceased to exist if the yard had not been nationalised, but acknowledged that the ferry delays had caused "undeniable anger".

The minister said he wanted to see a "commercially successful Fergusons" but said issues such as spiralling inflation were having an impact.

"I made that explicit to the chief executive yesterday that we must ensure that we protect the costs as far as possible," he said.

He added: "It's absolutely not a blank cheque."

Neil Gray said the value of completing Hull 802 could not be viewed in "narrow" monetary terms

On Tuesday Mr Gray told MSPs that completing the vessel was the fastest way of delivering more capacity to Scotland's west coast ferry fleet - which has been beset with relatability issues.

He said that while the value for money review concluded it could be cheaper to procure a new ferry elsewhere, it would lead to significant delays, as it could not be deployed before May 2027.

Scottish Labour's transport spokesman Alex Rowley MSP told the BBC that the government's decision was the "best route" to get the ferries completed.

But he added island communities had been badly let down and called for lessons to be learned.

"Had the workforce been listened to we might not have been in this mess," he said.

Willie Rennie of the Scottish Liberal Democrats said the ferry deal was an "utter fiasco" but said Mr Gray didn't have a choice but to press ahead.

He added: "I am deeply worried that we are writing a blank cheque, but I'm afraid this is the position that the SNP government have got us in."

Scottish Conservative Highlands and Islands MSP Jamie Halcro Johnston said Mr Gray's statement was "pretty humiliating".

Mr Halcro Johnston said: "The Scottish government have had years to get this right and they have failed again and again."

At Westminster, Scottish Secretary Alister Jack also entered the row and said the Scottish government had let island communities down.

Mr Jack told MPs: "Ministers should always spend tax payers money efficiently, even if it means losing face."

The repeated delays to Glen Sannox and Hull 802 have had a major impact on the resilience of the ageing CalMac fleet, which has been hit by frequent breakdowns and soaring maintenance costs.

Last year a BBC Scotland documentary - The Great Ferries Scandal - presented evidence that the procurement process may have been rigged in favour of Ferguson Marine.

The investigation also questioned the quality of the design presented by Ferguson, even though it was given top marks by CMAL's evaluators. CMAL has denied any impropriety.

Meanwhile, CalMac said customers have experienced "intermittent issues" logging into a new online ticketing platform on its launch day.

It said it was working to resolve the problems as soon as possible.

President Zelensky called Snake Island a "place of victory" that would never be reconquered

Volodymyr Zelensky has marked the 500th day of the Ukraine war by posting a video from an island that became a symbol of Ukrainian resistance.

At the start of the war, Ukrainian soldiers defending Snake Island famously defied an order from a Russian warship to surrender.

The Black Sea island was seized by Russia, but later reclaimed by Ukraine.

In a video, the Ukrainian president called it a "place of victory" that would never be reconquered.

In the undated clip, posted on Telegram, Mr Zelensky described it as proof that Ukraine would return every inch of its territory taken by Russia since the full-scale invasion began on 24 February 2022.

"I want to thank from here, from this place of victory, each of our soldiers for these 500 days," Mr Zelensky said in the video, in which he was shown arriving on the island by boat and leaving flowers at a memorial.

The Ukrainian president later announced he had returned from a visit to Turkey with five commanders captured by the Russians during last year's siege of the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol.

They had been in Turkey since September 2022 after being freed from Russian captivity as part of a wider prisoner exchange.

The circumstances of their homecoming are unclear, as the original deal obliged them to remain in Turkey.

The president's press service released pictures of him greeting the commanders in Istanbul

Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told Russian news agency RIA that Moscow had not been notified of the prisoner release, Reuters news agency reported.

"No one informed us about this," he was quoted as saying. "According to the agreements, these ringleaders were to remain on the territory of Turkey until the end of the conflict."

Mr Peskov said the prisoner release came about because of pressure on Turkey from Nato ahead of a meeting next week.

Russia's Black Sea Fleet flagship Moskva sailed to Snake Island within hours of the start of the war and ordered Ukrainian soldiers on the island to give themselves up.

"I suggest you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and needless casualties. Otherwise, you will be bombed," said a Russian officer.

The Ukrainian response and verbal exchange went viral as a soldier replied telling the Russian warship to "go to hell" - although in far cruder language.

Snake Island was seized and the Ukrainian soldiers were taken prisoner - but later exchanged for Russian captives.

Ukrainian forces recaptured the island in June last year.

The deputy head of the UN's human rights monitoring team in Ukraine, Noel Calhoun, said the 500th day was "another grim milestone in the war that continues to exact a horrific toll on Ukraine's civilians".

The UN estimates more than 9,000 civilians, including some 500 children, have been killed since the war began, although it said the real number could be much higher.

Mr Zelensky made his video address after spending time visiting European leaders ahead of Nato's summit in Vilnius next week where the Ukraine war is expect to be high on the agenda.

He also welcomed the news that the US would be supplying Ukraine with cluster bombs - a weapon that has been banned in more than 120 countries because they have a record of killing civilians.

Both Ukraine and Russia have been using cluster munitions throughout the war, but the US's decision has proved controversial.

Mr Zelensky called the latest US arms package "timely, broad and much-needed", tweeting that it "will provide new tools for the de-occupation of our land".

Ukraine's long-awaited counter-offensive to retake territory from Russia's occupying forces began last month - although Mr Zelensky has admitted progress has been slow.

The effort has been focused in the eastern Donetsk and south-eastern Zaporizhzhia regions of the country, while there have also been slow advances in the city of Bakhmut.

Russia, meanwhile, has carried on its campaign of missile and drone attacks in Ukraine, with at least eight people killed in the eastern Donetsk city of Lyman on Saturday.

Lyman is a key railway hub and initially fell to Russia after the invasion, but was retaken by Ukraine's army in October.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

Hundreds of have people gathered for a vigil to remember the three members of a family who died in a minibus crash in Aughnacloy, County Tyrone.

The victims have been named locally as Dan McKane, his sister Christine McKane and their aunt Julia McSorley.

They were killed when their minibus collided with a lorry on the A5 Tullyvar Road on Thursday morning.

The family had been returning home to Strabane, County Tyrone, from an aunt's funeral in England when it happened.

Prayers were said and candles were lit at the vigil in Strabane on Friday evening

Four others who were in the minibus suffered serious injuries.

Father Declan Boland, a priest in Strabane, said the family and the community in the town were in total disbelief at the tragedy.

"The community are struggling to comprehend what is happening," he told the BBC's The North West Today programme.

"We have to face into the horror of the bodies coming home and then the funerals."

Fr Declan Boland said people in Strabane were shocked and saddened

Fr Boland visited the home of Ms McKane on Thursday where people had come together to pay tribute.

"People were just gathering in groups, not saying an awful lot but just being there in silent solidarity, embracing one another," he said.

"It really is a silent witness where words are really inadequate."

The vigil was held at the Holy Grotto in Strabane

Two people who were badly injured in the crash had emergency surgery in Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital will pull through, added the priest.

Speaking at the vigil in Strabane on Friday evening, he said the community had come together to "stand in solidarity" with the family and grieving relatives.

The community then prayed the rosary in memory of the victims and in support of those who were injured.

"It's just important to show the family that we're all with them," one woman attending the vigil told BBC News NI.

"It's a tragic loss for the town of Strabane."

Another vigil-goer said: "The family are well known so it's hit every part of the community.

"As you can see today, the community has come out in force and they will do over the next [few] days to make sure that the family has support."

Candles were lit in the Church of the Immaculate Conception in Strabane

There's a palpable sense of shock and disbelief in Strabane in the wake of this tragedy.

People attending morning Mass in the Church of the Immaculate Conception on Barrack Street said they were heartbroken at the deaths.

"I can't believe that they were over in England for a funeral and returning home when this happened. It's terrible, just terrible," said one woman.

Another woman said she was going to Mass to pray for the family and light a candle for them: "It's just such an awful tragedy."

Friends of the McKane family said they are lovely people and are completely devastated by what has happened.

Thursday's fatal crash is the latest to happen on the A5 road, which links the north-west with Dublin in the Republic of Ireland.

Plans to upgrade the road between Aughnacloy and New Buildings in County Londonderry were announced in 2007.

But they have been delayed amid funding issues and legal challenges.

The Department for Infrastructure said the estimated cost of the project was £1.6bn - up £400m since the last estimate.

Campaigners from Enough Is Enough, a group calling for the upgrade to take place, previously said 44 people have died on the road since 2007.

Alan Kilpatrick, who lives on the road where the crash happened, said it was dangerous.

He was one of the first people to arrive at the scene of the crash on Thursday morning.

"I don't want to see what I saw again... because this is avoidable with a better road," he told the BBC News NI.

He said there was a high volume of traffic on the road, including heavy commercial vehicles trying to navigate small roads.

"Here is a main road between the largest city on the island, the whole north-west of the island and it's absolutely horrendous."

The signs are that the Bank of England is coming in to land on rate rises, and today's could be the last.

The pace of rises is slowing and inflation is now predicted to fall faster this year than expected, in part as a result of the government's help for energy bills.

The Bank repeated language that further rises would be required only "if there were evidence" of more inflationary pressures. Its discussions suggested that some of that pressure, for example from wage growth, was declining even after yesterday's shock inflation number.

The Bank's governor, Andrew Bailey, confirmed that he had seen private wage growth begin to "even off", which was "obviously a good sign in terms of inflationary pressure".

The next Bank meeting in May is now a key point, where new quarterly forecasts for the economy and inflation could underpin a pause in rate rises.

While the British economy is better than feared, with a predicted recession now anticipated to be swerved, there are concerns about the impact of global financial fragility. The UK remains resilient. Mr Bailey told broadcasters that "this is not a repeat of 2008". But that is another cloud weighing over the Bank's decisions, with some memories of the quickly-reversed rises made by the Bank, even after the credit crunch started in 2007.

There's a three-way balancing act going on right now between surprisingly strong double-digit UK inflation, stagnant growth and the fragility in the global banking system which, while not centred in the UK, could have knock-on impacts on the funding of banks.

Absent that new cloud however, there is some good news about the UK economy here.

The consumer seems more resilient to what was an extraordinary energy shock. Unemployment is not now expected to rise, further underpinning consumers. The economy may still be flat, but given the size of the energy shock, it could have been much worse.

May looks set to be the time for a pause, if some of these uncertainties don't intrude.

In November, Former PM Boris Johnson and ex-Australian PM Scott Morrison visited Kibbutz Kfar Aza following the 7 October attack by Hamas gunmen from the Gaza Strip

Former prime minister Boris Johnson has said it is "shameful" to call for the UK to end arms sales to Israel.

Three Britons were among seven aid workers killed in air strikes in Gaza carried out by Israel's army on Monday.

It has led the Lib Dems, SNP and some Labour and Conservative MPs to urge the UK to reassess how it supports Israel.

The Foreign Office said it keeps advice on Israel's adherence to the law under review, adding that this is confidential.

Writing in his Daily Mail column, Mr Johnson said it would be "insane" for the UK to end military support, which he said would be "willing the military defeat of Israel and the victory of Hamas".

Mr Johnson, a former foreign secretary, wrote: "Remember that in order to win this conflict, Hamas only has to survive. All they need at the end is to hang on, rebuild, and go again.

"That's victory for Hamas; and that is what these legal experts seem to be asking for."

More than 600 lawyers, including former Supreme Court justices, this week wrote to the government saying weapon exports to Israel must end because the UK risks breaking international law over a "plausible risk of genocide" in Gaza. Israel rejects the claim of genocide as "wholly unfounded".

Three Britons were among the World Central Kitchen (WCK) workers who died in the strikes: John Chapman, 57, James "Jim" Henderson, 33, and James Kirby, 47.

WCK founder Jose Andres claimed the Israeli military knew of his aid workers' movements and targeted them "systematically, car by car".

Israeli officials reacted by sacking two senior military officers over the strikes, which it has described as a "grave mistake stemming from a serious failure".

Mr Johnson said it was "shattering" to see the deaths, but Israel was sending warnings of their attacks and "trying to use precision munitions".

Foreign Secretary Lord David Cameron previously said the UK would carefully review findings of the initial Israel Defense Forces (IDF) report into the incident, which was released on Friday.

Mr Johnson accused Lord Cameron of being silent on the issue, saying the foreign secretary had "gone into a kind of purdah" on arms sales.

Much of the Gaza Strip has been devastated during the IDF military operations which began after Hamas gunmen attacked southern Israel on 7 October, killing about 1,200 people and seizing 253 hostages.

More than 33,137 people have been killed in Gaza since then, with 75,815 injured, according to the Hamas-run health ministry.

Reacting to Mr Johnson's comments, a UK Foreign Office spokesman said: "We keep advice on Israel's adherence to international humanitarian law under review and ministers act in accordance with that advice, for example when considering export licences.

"The content of the government's advice is confidential.

"Decisions on export licences are based on the Strategic Export Licensing Criteria. We would make public any decision to suspend or revoke existing licences."

British arms sales to Israel are lower than those of other countries, including Germany and Italy, and dwarfed by the billions supplied by its largest arms supplier, the US.

Last updated on .From the section Premier League

Erling Haaland scored twice, including a superb bicycle kick, as Manchester City reduced the gap to Premier League leaders Arsenal to five points with a comfortable victory at relegation-threatened Southampton.

Haaland, absent from City's previous league win over Liverpool with a groin injury, displayed his athleticism to meet Jack Grealish's cross for City's third and take his remarkable league tally this season to 30 goals in 27 games.

It was also his 44th goal in all competitions for City this season - equalling the most by a Premier League player in a single campaign.

Kevin de Bruyne registered his 100th Premier League assist as he set up Haaland to give dominant City a half-time lead at St Mary's, before Grealish continued his impressive post-World Cup form as he beat Gavin Bazunu at the second time of asking.

Sekou Mara emerged from the Saints bench to reduce the deficit following Haaland's acrobatic second, but just 75 seconds later City were awarded a penalty for a foul on De Bruyne which Julian Alvarez calmly converted.

It completed an eighth consecutive win in all competitions for Pep Guardiola's side, who maintained the pressure on Arsenal before the Gunners face Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday (16:30 BST).

Southampton remain four points adrift of safety at the bottom of the table and time is running out for Ruben Selles and his players to rescue their situation.
• None Go straight to all the best Southampton content

A lacklustre City got what they deserved in the previous meeting between the clubs, when they suffered a shock Carabao Cup quarter-final loss in January.

While Guardiola's team got what they deserved on the south coast that day, they would not make the same mistake as they proceeded to dismantle a Saints side devoid of confidence.

Although Haaland's absence did not prove disruptive in the 4-1 win over former title rivals Liverpool, the Norway forward made sure his presence was felt on Saturday evening.

Initially kept quiet by the Saints defence, a typically accurate cross from De Bruyne - just the fifth player to reach a century of Premier League assists - provided Haaland the opportunity he craved as he rose between two defenders to break the deadlock.

But it was his second that will steal the headlines. With his back to Bazunu, the prolific 22-year-old guided the ball back across goal with his outstretched left leg to make it a remarkable 44 goals in 38 games in all competitions since joining last summer.

Grealish, now oozing confidence, has also hit his best form in a City shirt at a timely moment with the England international directly involved in 10 goals in 15 league games since the World Cup break.

City have typically finished their campaigns in scintillating form to win four of the past five Premier League titles and, once again, they appear to be hitting top gear as they attempt to chase down Arsenal.

They extended their best winning run in the league this season to five matches, with the latest ensuring Guardiola's side go into the home first leg of their Champions League quarter-final against German champions Bayern Munich on Tuesday full of confidence.

In contrast to City's run, Southampton are now five games without victory, with this loss following defeat in a key relegation clash at West Ham.

Unable to produce another shock against City, their situation is beginning to look dire with eight games remaining.

Selles, the club's third manager this season, has been unable to build on a promising start to his tenure which brought two wins in his first three league games after replacing the sacked Nathan Jones.

If they are to survive, statistics suggest it will fall to captain and top scorer James Ward-Prowse to inspire a revival. However, club-record signing Kamaldeen Sulemana hinted against City he may have a part to play.

Amid a dominant start by the visitors, which had seen Bazunu produce a fine save to deny Grealish inside five minutes, the lively Sulemana displayed his pace on the counter-attack but failed to test Ederson following a poor touch under pressure from Nathan Ake.

Mara's consolation arrived too late to inspire a meaningful fightback, with Saints equalling their record of 19 defeats in one Premier League season.
• None Kyle Walker (Manchester City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Substitution, Southampton. Ibrahima Diallo replaces Roméo Lavia because of an injury.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Roméo Lavia (Southampton).
• None Delay over. They are ready to continue.
• None Delay in match because of an injury Ainsley Maitland-Niles (Southampton).
• None Attempt blocked. Bernardo Silva (Manchester City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Kevin De Bruyne.
• None Goal! Southampton 1, Manchester City 4. Julián Álvarez (Manchester City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.
• None Penalty conceded by Kyle Walker-Peters (Southampton) after a foul in the penalty area.
• None Goal! Southampton 1, Manchester City 3. Sékou Mara (Southampton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Moussa Djenepo. Navigate to the next page Navigate to the last page
• None Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment

Arthur Hawrylewicz was sentenced for attempted murder and attempted grievous bodily harm

A man who drunkenly tried to throw a woman in front of a Tube train as she travelled to Notting Hill Carnival has been sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Arthur Hawrylewicz, 42, from Avondale Gardens, Cardiff, admitted attempting to murder 22-year-old Maria Osifeso on 29 August last year.

The court heard he had grabbed the victim in a bear hug as she waited at King's Cross Underground station.

Hawrylewicz was told he will serve up to two thirds of the term in custody.

Inner London Crown Court heard how Ms Osifeso was saved by friends, including Constantinos Spyrou, who got between them and forced Hawrylewicz on to the ground, where he moved like a "fish in a bellyflop movement", hitting his head on the train and being knocked unconscious.

Sentencing on Monday, Judge Benedict Kelleher said: "You had approached your victim while she was standing with friends on the platform at King's Cross Underground station.

"She was a complete stranger to you. You tried briefly to speak to her but she ignored you.

"It is clear from the available evidence you intended to kill yourself that day but there is nothing to explain why you chose to try to kill an innocent bystander."

The victim was targeted at King's Cross Tube station

In a victim impact statement read in court, Ms Osifeso, a pharmacist, said she was left "reeling" and wondering "what if?".

She said: "What if my friends hadn't been there? What if my male friend hadn't jumped in to grab him?

"What if I had been standing closer to the tracks?

"It is incredibly traumatic to think how close I came to dying."

She added that the effects have been "profound and long-lasting" and she now suffers "overwhelming anxiety" when travelling alone on the Tube.

Father-of-two Hawrylewicz, originally from Poland, had lived in the UK, where he worked in the construction industry, for 15 years and had been in London for work.

The court heard his young family had returned to Poland in August 2021 and messages indicated he was "depressed" about his life.

Hawrylewicz told police he had drunk up to four beers and a third of a litre of vodka before the attack, and thought of killing himself.

Alexia Nicol, defending, described her client as a "hardworking family man" and said he was in a "confused and desperate state" in a "perfect storm" caused by his "emotional position, his drinking and the busyness of the platform".

She said he recognised the "real sorrow" he had put his victim through and wanted to "apologise to her".

"He regrets what happened on that day, every single day," she added.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

The car crashed into the Francis Hotel in the early hours of the morning

Diners at one of Bath's historic hotels were met with an unusual sight on Mother's Day when a car became wedged against its basement windows.

Avon Fire and Rescue Service said they were called to the Francis Hotel in Queen Square at about 04:45 GMT on Sunday.

A rescue crew freed one of the occupants from the vehicle, while another was able to get out by himself.

The car remains stuck but the hotel is open as normal.

Emily, 47, was visiting family from London for Mother's Day lunch when she saw the accident.

She told BBC West: "We thought it might have been a small fire but we looked over the railings and there was a whole car fitted in there and people making jokes about parking - you can't really see how it got down there.

"There was quite a large section of the railings that were broken and some stonework had also been damaged, so you could see it must have been quite high impact.

"There was a fire engine and a few crew, but there didn't seem to be anything happening - I don't know if the fire crew were just guarding the site.

"The hotel was open - it was a bit strange because you could see through the window and there were people having their lunch and their afternoon tea above where the car was."

A member of staff at the hotel said the basement was used for storage and guest rooms had been unaffected.

A fire crew helped one male exit the car, while another got out by himself

A spokesman for Avon Fire and Rescue said: "We were called at 04:45 due to a car having left the road and colliding with a hotel and ended up in a precarious position over a basement area.

"An ambulance was in attendance and requested we help them rescue a young adult male from within that area."

Firefighters used specialist equipment to free the male, the spokesman said, before handing him into the care of paramedics.

"We worked closely with the Francis Hotel to make sure their business was not affected," the spokesman added.

Follow BBC West on Facebook,TwitterandInstagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Watch as LeBron James becomes only the second player, after Michael Jordan, to score 40 points in more than one NBA game after the age of 39 following the Los Angeles Lakers' 116-104 win over the Brooklyn Nets.

Available to UK users only.

More than 100 people were onboard a ferry as it caught fire off the coast of southern Thailand on Thursday morning.

The ferry, an overnight service from Surat Thani to popular tourist island Koh Tao, was about to arrive at its destination when the fire began.

Some passengers had to jump into the sea to escape the fire, according to AP news agency. Authorities confirmed that there were no injuries.

One of the passengers, Maitree Promjampa, told AP that he first heard a crackling sound, then smelled smoke. Less than five minutes later he saw flames, causing those on board to start shouting and ring the alarm.

The cause of the fire has not been revealed.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

A period of intense heat is continuing to sweep southern Europe and extreme conditions are expected to intensify further in the days ahead.

Italy, Spain, Turkey and Greece - hugely popular with holidaymakers and expats from Northern Ireland - are among the countries worst affected.

The heatwave is expected to continue into next week.

BBC News NI has been hearing how some people from Northern Ireland who are in Europe are dealing with the heat.

Mark Regan and family are holidaying in Italy, one of the worst affected countries

Mark Regan from Templepatrick in County Antrim is on holiday with his family in Italy where the government has issued red alerts for 16 cities.

Mark described being "absolutely baked" while visiting Pompeii.

"The worst bit is trying to do tourist attractions - go get the tickets, lots of walking etc. The sweat is literally dripping off you," Mark told BBC News NI.

"We were expecting it to be warmer [than usual] but this is something different. We're force feeding ourselves water to keep hydrated - you really have to remember to keep drinking."

An in-shop air conditioner provides a means of escape from the heat for Mark Regan

Mark said he felt the holiday heat was "just on the borderline of safe" and that he would be happy to return to Italy next year.

"I think we can still enjoy it," he said. "But, of course, enjoy it safely."

Former Irish league footballer Brian Russell is on holiday in the Costa Del Sol, where he said he is "absolutely roasting".

This Twitter post cannot be displayed in your browser. Please enable Javascript or try a different browser. View original content on Twitter The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Skip twitter post by Brian Russell This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitter’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

"Fifty per cent of people under parasols, the other 50% in the swimming pool, my flip flops just melted," the former Crusaders and Glentoran striker tweeted on Monday.

Stacy Fitzpatrick from Londonderry is also in Spain. She lives in the capital of Madrid where she owns a bar.

On Monday temperatures there peaked at 43C, she said.

"The biggest problem is sleeping. It is so difficult to sleep because the temperature isn't at its lowest until 7am - then it's in the mid to high 20s, and it starts to gradually increase again," she told BBC Radio Foyle's The North West Today programme.

"So you are sleeping in plus-30C. It is very difficult, sweating constantly. It leaves you very tired."

Stacy Fitzpatrick says sleeping is difficult as the temperature does not dip to its lowest until morning

After a similar weather pattern in the summer of 2022, Stacy said perhaps the extreme heat should now be viewed as "the standard climate for Spain in the summer".

It is changing how people behave too, she said.

Customers are now only coming out much later in the evening - post-9pm is now the norm.

Any earlier in the day "it is too uncomfortable - you are seeing many businesses and bars empty".

David Graham says temperatures in Turkey - where he runs an animal sanctuary - have been "brutal"

David Graham, originally from Coleraine in County Londonderry, has been living in Turkey for two years.

He runs an animal sanctuary in Dalyan on the country's south-west coast.

On Monday evening at 18:30 local time the temperature was 38C.

"The temperatures were brutal on Friday and Saturday and it is to be hotter again in the week ahead," he said.

That means more runs across town to the 30 feeding stations the sanctuary provides for cats and dogs.

"We have a lot of sick, dehydrated animals due to the heat. It is really tough in this heat," said David.

Justine Acar says it is too hot to get in the pool in Turkey

Justine Acar is originally from Belfast but has also lived in Turkey for a number of years.

"The news keeps mentioning Europe but Turkey is possibly even worse. Our car registered 46C on Saturday. It's too hot to swim," she said.

Gavin McLaughlin, from Limavady in County Londonderry, has been teaching in the Italian city of Milan for two years.

It lies further north than the worst-affected areas of southern Italy.

"Milan isn't on the red list at the moment," Gavin told BBC Radio Foyle.

"Last week, though, I was in Sorrento for a holiday - it was 37C.

"If you are by the pool or beach it's OK but aside from that people are just running to find shade and avoid the sun as much as possible."

Gavin McLaughlin says Milan has escaped the extreme heat being experienced in southern Italy

He said the Italians were much more acclimatised to the heat. In Milan, the city becomes "like a ghost town" during the months of August and July when locals head to the coast or to lakes.

In issuing the red alerts the authorities are probably "more concerned with the tourists coming over at this time", said Gavin.

Periods of intense heat occur within natural weather patterns but globally they are becoming more frequent, more intense and are lasting longer due to global warming.

Last month was the hottest June on record, according to the EU's climate monitoring service Copernicus.

The heatwave affecting the Mediterranean could continue into August, according to the UN agency the World Meteorological Organization.

The UN weather agency has said extreme weather is "increasingly frequent in our warming climate" and underlines the need to cut emissions.

A project to bring the native oyster back to the waters around Northern Ireland has taken another step forward.

Ulster Wildlife has been working on a second nursery for the molluscs.

More than 800 oysters were brought over from Scotland and have been settling into Glenarm Marina for almost two months.

Volunteers from Ulster Wildlife painstakingly scrubbed and checked each of the shellfish to ensure biosecurity was protected.

Some 800 oysters were brought to Glenarma Marina from Scotland

The oysters were then placed in 30 cages which have been lowered into the water off the jetties.

They will spawn and release up to 800m larvae every year to form reefs in Glenarm Bay.

And they can change sex to ensure there is always the correct ratio of males to females to support reproduction.

Native oysters are one of the most imperilled habitats on Earth

But restoring the oyster population is only half the story, according to Ulster Wildlife senior conservation officer Dave Smyth.

"It's really the habitat we're after," he said.

"Saving the oyster is part of creating the habitat. So for example, one oyster on its own can accommodate over 100 species on its shell. So if you have a reef of oysters, you can imagine the sort of life that that'll attract."

Dave Smyth said they want to save the habitat as much as the oysters

Mid and East Antrim Council manages the marina where the nursery has been installed and its mayor, Alderman Noel Williams of the Alliance Party, welcomed the project.

"We are thrilled to be playing our part in restoring this endangered native species.

"Nestled at the bottom of the Glens of Antrim, Glenarm Marina is the perfect spot to help revive native oysters.

"As well as increasing water clarity and quality, the project will also deliver enhanced biodiversity and provide rich cultural value to the area," he added.

Children from Seaview Integrated Primary School in Glenarm helped measure the oysters

Native oysters are one of the most imperilled habitats on Earth. It is estimated that reefs have declined by 95% since the 19th century.

With each oyster potentially filtering as much as eight litres of water an hour, they also improve water quality and are something of an environmental odd-jobs worker.

"They have a lot of other additional ecosystem services whereby they can change or fix things within the environment," said Dave Smyth.

"One example is, they can actually filter microplastics out over their gills. They'll expel those wrapped in a mucus ball which will end up locked up into the sediment of the seabed.

"This is a win-win for nature, restoring oysters creates healthier and more resilient seas and their reefs store carbon - crucial if we are to tackle the nature and climate crisis," he added.

The children examined the oysters using a microscope

The captain dimmed the lights in the cabin to enhance the view

An EasyJet pilot made a 360-degree turn to treat passengers to a stunning view of the northern lights.

The plane was travelling from Iceland to Manchester as the aurora borealis lit up skies across the UK in a rare display.

Passenger Adam Groves, of Lymm, Cheshire, said the "incredible" sight "topped off" his four-night trip, which also saw him get engaged.

It came as the country enjoyed a second night of spectacular views.

Mr Groves said he and his fiancee Jasmine Mapp were on the right-hand side of the plane, which took off from Reykjavik, and would not have been able to see the lights if it was not for the "very kind" pilot.

The pair had actually spent their entire trip in Iceland hunting the aurora without success.

The UK enjoyed a second night of spectacular views of the lights on Monday evening

Mr Groves said: "We were hoping to see them while we were out there but we didn't get the chance.

"We took off and halfway into the flight the pilot turned all the lights off and the view could be seen out the left window.

"But we were sitting on the right-hand side and after a few minutes the pilot switched back and did a 360 loop around for everyone to see."

Adam Groves proposed to girlfriend Jasmine Mapp during their trip to Iceland

The experience topped off a whirlwind trip for the couple, Mr Groves said, as his girlfriend accepted his marriage proposal at a beauty spot on the island's south coast.

Ms Mapp said: "After days of jumping in the car at any opportunity to try and find the northern lights without spotting them, finally getting to see them in the sky was the perfect ending to a very special trip."

An EasyJet spokeswoman said: "We are pleased that the captain was able to perform a controlled manoeuvre in order to allow passengers to witness an amazing display from the air of one of nature's greatest sights.

"Our crew will always go above and beyond for our customers and we're delighted to have been able to share this special view with them."

Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Kyrees Sullivan, 16, and Harvey Evans, 15, died in a bike crash in Ely, Cardiff

Two police officers are under investigation for their conduct prior to the death of two boys in an e-bike crash in Cardiff which led to rioting.

The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said gross misconduct notices had been served on the driver and passenger seen in a police van behind the boys in the Ely area.

Kyrees Sullivan, 16, and Harvey Evans, 15, died in the crash on 22 May.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: What the CCTV tells us about teens' final moments

The two officers have not been suspended, South Wales Police said.

The IOPC said its investigation focused on the nature of the police interaction with the two boys before the crash and the appropriateness of the officers' decisions and actions.

In particular, the police watchdog said it was examining whether the officers in the police vehicle were pursuing the boys.

Cars were set alight and fireworks thrown at police as 100 to 150 people gathered in Ely on the night of the crash.

Fifteen officers were injured during the unrest and the total number of arrests stands at 20.

South Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Alun Michael initially insisted the two teenagers were not being chased by police before they died.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The BBC's Tomos Morgan: "It was complete chaos"

But CCTV footage analysed by BBC Verify showed police following the boys just minutes before the crash.

The force later confirmed its officers had been following the teenagers prior to their deaths.

The watchdog said investigators were reviewing hundreds of video footage clips and had reviewed initial accounts and body-worn video from police officers and staff.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. The crowd released the blue balloons in memory of the two teen boys

Paying tribute to Harvey days after the crash, his mum said: "He lived life to the full, he had a big heart and deep down he truly cared".

Kyrees's family described him as "a loving, caring handsome young man".

Journalist Isabel Oakeshott said she released messages sent by Matt Hancock during Covid as she believes it is in the "public interest".

The journalist obtained the messages while working on the former health secretary's book.

You can watch the full interview on iPlayer.

The candidates for the upcoming by-election in Uxbridge and South Ruislip have been announced.

The by-election was triggered when former Prime Minister Boris Johnson quit ahead of the judgment of the Privileges Committee.

The election has been confirmed for 20 July.

All voters are now required to bring photo ID with them to the polling booth.

These are 17 candidates running in the election (listed alphabetically).

This page will be updated as we learn more about the candidates.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Blaise Baquiche on why he should be the local MP

He is a former policy adviser to the Conservative Party in the European Union.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Danny Beales on why he should be the local MP

A Camden councillor and cabinet member responsible for planning and regeneration.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Cameron Bell on why he should be the local MP

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Count Binface on why he should be the local MP

A self-proclaimed interplanetary space warrior, who stood against Boris Johnson in 2019.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Piers Corbyn on why he should be the local MP

A long-term weather forecaster who is the older brother of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Laurence Fox on why he should be the local MP

An actor who set up the Reclaim Party in 2020 and came 6th in the 2021 London mayoral election.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Steve Gardner on why he should be the local MP

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Ed Gemmell on why he should be the local MP

An independent councillor in Hazlemere, Buckinghamshire and leader of The Climate Party.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Sarah Green on why she should be the local MP

A local campaigner who runs a boat trip business on the Grand Union canal.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Kingsley Hamilton on why he should be the local MP

An independent candidate standing on an anti-ULEZ platform.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Richard Hewison on why he should be the local MP

Mr Hewison, an anti-Brexit campaigner, runs a company that offers training courses in the financial sector.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Howling Hope on why he should be the local MP

The leader of the Official Monster Raving Loony Party.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: 77 Joseph on why he should be the local MP

Known formally as Tom Darwood, he is a writer from Southend-on-Sea.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Rebecca Jane on why she should be the local MP

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Enomfon Ntefon on why she should be the local MP

Ms Ntefon is a nurse who works in Uxbridge.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Leo Phaure on why he should be the local MP

An Uxbridge based father who is a business analyst.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Uxbridge by-election: Steve Tuckwell on why he should be the local MP

The Conservative Party candidate has been a councillor for South Ruislip since 2018.

Follow BBC London on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hellobbclondon@bbc.co.uk

TikTok has sued to block the US state of Montana from banning residents from accessing its social media platform.

Monday's lawsuit comes after last week Montana became the first US state to pass a sweeping ban on the Chinese-owned video-sharing platform.

In a statement, TikTok said the ban conflicts with US free speech rights.

TikTok has come under scrutiny from authorities around the world over concerns that data could be passed to the Chinese government.

The lawsuit filed on Monday in the United States District Court for the District of Montana says it is suing to overturn the "unlawful" ban.

"We are challenging Montana's unconstitutional TikTok ban to protect our business and the hundreds of thousands of TikTok users in Montana," a spokesperson said in a statement.

"We believe our legal challenge will prevail based on an exceedingly strong set of precedents and facts."

The TikTok lawsuit argues that the ban violates the constitutional First Amendment right to free speech.

The company's complaint states that the ban was "unconstitutionally shutting down the forum for speech for all speakers on the app".

The ban is due to take effect in January 2024. It will make it illegal for app stores to offer TikTok, but does not ban people who already have TikTok from using it.

Montana, which has a population of just over one million, banned the app on government devices last December.

TikTok says it has 150 million American users. Although the app's user base has expanded in recent years, it is still most popular with teenagers and users in their 20s.

However, there are concerns across the US political spectrum that TikTok could be a national security risk.

The social media platform is owned by ByteDance - a Chinese company. ByteDance has repeatedly denied it is controlled by the Chinese government.

The lawsuit also argues that Montana has overstepped its authority by concerning itself with users' data and national security - which is the purview of the federal government.

It says the ban is based on the "unfounded speculation" that China's government could access TikTok data.

Lawyers for Montana's government have previously said that they expected lawsuits, and that they are prepared to defend the ban in courts.

You may also be interested in:

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Watch: The fight over TikTok explained in 60 seconds

Last updated on .From the section Golf

Five-time champion Tiger Woods has withdrawn from the Masters because of injury, hours before the resumption of the third round on Sunday.

The 47-year-old was six over par after seven holes of his third round before heavy rain stopped play on Saturday.

That had left him last of the 54 remaining players on nine over overall.

Woods had earlier battled to go beyond the halfway stage - equalling the record set by Gary Player and Fred Couples of 23 consecutive cuts made.

The 15-time major champion said on social media he had reaggravated his plantar fasciitis, which is tissue inflammation that causes pain in the heel.
• None Retiring Lyle bows out after night on 'tequila & whisky'

After starting his delayed third round on the 10th tee, Woods appeared to be troubled by pain in his right leg as he played the 17th hole, moments before the wet weather caused play to be abandoned.

He feared his leg would have to be amputated after suffering serious injuries in a car accident in Los Angeles in February 2021, though he made a remarkable return 14 months later to once again make the cut at last year's Masters.

Speaking in the build-up to this year's championship, Woods said that his comeback was "a small victory in itself" and that he "doesn't know how many more I have in me".

American Brooks Koepka leads the field on 13 under six holes into his third round as he chases a first Green Jacket.

The four-time major winner is four clear of Spain's Jon Rahm, with American amateur Sam Bennett three shots further back.

The final group must play 29 holes on Sunday if the tournament is to finish on time and avoid a first Monday finish since 1983.

Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby at Westminster Abbey ahead of the coronation ceremony

The wording of the invitation for people to pay homage to the King has been changed for the Coronation following criticism.

The Archbishop of Canterbury will now "invite" those who wish to express support for, instead of a "call" for people to swear allegiance to him.

Lambeth Palace said the "homage of the people" was "always an invitation rather than expectation".

It is the first time the public are being given a role in the Coronation.

The change follows criticism of the wording in the order of service from both republicans groups and friends of the King.

Lambeth Palace said it had been mutually agreed with Buckingham Palace that the introductory words would be changed.

The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, was to say: "I call upon all persons of goodwill in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and of the other realms and the territories to make their homage, in heart and voice, to their undoubted King, defender of all."

All those interested would be invited to reply: "I swear that I will pay true allegiance to your majesty, and to your heirs and successors according to law. So help me God."

But now he will say: "I now invite those who wish to offer their support to do so, with a moment of private reflection, by joining in saying God save King Charles at the end or, for those with the words before them, to recite them in full."

Broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby - a close friend of the King - said he would find the find the idea of people paying homage during the Coronation "abhorrent", while anti-monarchist campaign group Republic described the idea "nonsense" and "offensive".

The "homage of the people" is a new addition to the ancient ceremony which is being led by the head of the Church of England.

In a statement, Lambeth Palace said the homage "was always an invitation rather than expectation".

"To provide further clarity as the Order of Service was finalised, it has been mutually agreed by Lambeth Palace and Buckingham Palace that the introductory words will be changed.

"This reflects the collaborative approach that has been taken throughout the Coronation planning. We are looking forward to the service with much joy and expectation."

Charles Ndhlovu's mother said he "loved his family"

An NHS trust has been accused of adding to the records of a man the day after he took his own life to "correct their mistakes".

Charles Ndhlovu, 33, died under the care of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough NHS Foundation Trust (CPFT) in 2017.

His mother, Angelina Pattison, said the way her son's case had been handled had "upset me so much".

The trust did not respond to the claim about the records being added to but said learning from deaths was "vital".

A former CPFT employee has said he raised with the trust his concerns of "possible criminal activity".

Mr Ndhlovu, who was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and substance misuse, had been under CPFT's care two months when he died.

He had been transferred from a neighbouring trust after moving to Ely and then been taken off a community treatment order.

His mother, Angelina Pattison, told the BBC that despite being heavily involved in her son's care, she was "shocked that they transferred him without even telling me".

Ms Pattison said she only found out about a new care coordinator the day before she was due to travel to Africa.

Her son died while she was out of the UK.

A trust serious untoward incident (SUI) review acknowledged that when he was transferred no-one from CPFT had asked about whether his family had been involved in his care.

Charles Ndhlovu took his own life in October 2017

Ms Pattison said: "They didn't have any address of [my home] in his care plan and the care plan was done when he died - when they were running around to correct their mistakes, which they have done.

"So it was really something which has upset me so much."

Ms Pattison, who worked for CPFT as a health care assistant at the time, made a formal complaint to the trust.

The BBC has separately spoken to consultant nurse and psychotherapist Des McVey, who was asked by the trust to investigate a complaint in July 2021, understood to be the one from Ms Pattison.

Mr McVey said: "I noticed that the deceased did have care plans, but they were written the day after his death and they were also evaluated the day after his death and I was concerned that this wasn't picked up by the SUI."

He said this "really alarmed me", adding: "Surprisingly, there was no care plan to address his suicidal ideation and he had... an extensive history of trying to kill himself."

He was also concerned about the methodology used to investigate possible racism by comparing the death to two Caucasian suicides, which he said "demonstrated a poor understanding of the complexities of institutional racism".

Mr McVey said he told a manager he believed the SUI "was not credible" and said he could not complete the complaint investigation.

He said he made them aware of his view "that the risk assessment was so remarkably wrong, that they hadn't answered to why they'd taken him off the [community treatment order] against the advice of his current team".

He said they "had made so many speculative conclusions without any evidence, in fact sometimes evidence to the contrary".

But Mr McVey said no-one contacted him for six or seven weeks, before finding out the investigation had been given to someone else.

Mr McVey left the trust in early 2022 but said in June he contacted the new chief executive, Anna Hills, to raise his concerns "that there was possibly criminal activity going on, falsification of documentation and that the SUI was un-credible".

Ms Hills said an investigation would be completed but he has not heard back, he claimed.

Mr Ndhlovu's mother, from Newmarket, Suffolk, said: "I believe that if everything worked well Charles' death was going to be preventable, because there were so many things... to avoid his death."

CPFT has previously been criticised by a coroner over a serious untoward incident concerning the death of James Nowshadi, that it was "not credible" and had taken matters on "face value".

James Nowshadi was described as an "exceptional young man" by the coroner

The co-author told the inquest that a reference to the method of Mr Nowshadi's suicide was removed after the review was "touched up" by others.

Mr McVey said CPFT needed have an external audit into their serious untoward incidents, stating: "How many un-credible SUIs have been done by the trust?"

In response to the allegations, a spokesman for CPFT said: "The death of Mr Ndhlovu was tragic, and our continued condolences are extended to his family.

"Patient safety and the learnings from all deaths are vital to us to enable improvements in care.

"While there was a delay in investigating a complaint made by Mr Ndhlovu's mother - for which we sincerely apologised - those concerns were rigorously investigated in 2022, and a further review was conducted by our director of nursing following concerns raised to the new CEO.

"Over the past year, we have strengthened our processes around complaints and incidents, and the learnings from the review have played an important role in that.

"While there was no evidence of any racial discrimination towards Mr Ndhlovu during his treatment, we take any accusation of prejudice in our practices extremely seriously and will always fully investigate concerns raised."

Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 0800 169 1830
• None Review into death of man, 23, was 'not credible'

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Ms Sturrock was 29 weeks pregnant when she died

The family of murdered teacher Marelle Sturrock has revealed she was carrying a baby boy when she died.

Ms Sturrock was 29 weeks pregnant when she was found dead at her home in Jura Street in Glasgow one week ago.

A statement released by her family has said her unborn baby, who did not survive, was to have been named Jayden.

Police investigating the murder found the body of Ms Sturrock's fiance David Yates at Mugdock Reservoir last Thursday.

Officers had been searching for Yates in connection with Ms Sturrock's death. They said no-one else was believed to have been involved and Mr Yates' death was not being treated as suspicious.

Ms Sturrock's parents Colin and Lorna Sturrock released a statement through Police Scotland on Tuesday.

It said: "We are devastated following the deaths of our daughter, Marelle, and soon to be grandson, Jayden Sturrock.

"Marelle was the happiest person you could ever meet and was always looking to help others the best she could.

"Marelle and her partner doted on each other, and this incident has come as a total shock to all who knew her."

Marelle Sturrock's partner David Yates was being hunted by police in connection with her murder

They thanked family and friends, colleagues at Sandwood Primary where Ms Sturrock was a teacher, and Police Scotland officers for their efforts and support.

They added: "Our family would like everyone, including the press, to respect our privacy at this very sad and difficult time."

Officers attended Ms Sturrock's home in the Craigton area of the city at about 08:40 on 25 April where she was pronounced dead at the scene.

Detectives confirmed on Thursday that her unborn child did not survive.

Flowers, toys and messages of sympathy have been laid outside her home, including one message which read "I will never forget you".

Flowers were placed outside Ms Sturrock's home

A search was launched to find Yates, with officers confirming they were investigating a murder.

His car was found in a car park at Mugdock Country Park, prompting an extensive police search in the area.

Yates' body was recovered from Mugdock Reservoir on Thursday. Police said they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder.

Originally from Wick in the Highlands, Ms Sturrock moved to Glasgow aged 17 to study musical theatre and later became a teacher.

She was considered a a "beloved" member of staff at Sandwood Primary.

Ms Sturrock had been due to give birth in the summer

The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) said the Crown Office had instructed them to launch an investigation into the death but it has not clarified what it is investigating.

The watchdog can investigate serious incidents involving the police, including the death or injury of a person following contact with officers.

A spokesperson said: "Once our inquiries are complete a report will be submitted to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service."

Police Scotland has not yet confirmed how Ms Sturrock died.

Nipsa members are protesting after a pay offer of £552, backdated to August 2022

Thousands of civil servants from Northern Ireland's largest trade union are to go on strike on 26 April.

This will coincide with a planned teachers strike on the same date.

Last month, the Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance (Nipsa) said 85% of respondents voted for strike action and 94% for action short of strike.

It represents more than 16,000 workers across a range of government departments.

The union said this will be its first day of "all out action" and they are seeking to coordinate the strike with other trade unions.

In January, it was announced civil service workers would be offered a pay rise of £552, backdated to August 2022, however, the union had called for a rise of inflation, plus 5%.

The UK inflation rate in February was 10.4%.

Previously, Stormont's department of finance said it "recognises and regrets the offer is below what staff and unions will expect in a very challenging year".

Official figures suggest the typical full-time civil servant in Northern Ireland was paid £28,706 in 2022, meaning an extra £552 is equivalent to 1.9%.

Nipsa's general secretary Carmel Gates the strike would cause "fairly significant disruption".

"After the strike action, we then plan for targeted action and selective action," she said.

"In all, the campaign will be fairly hard hitting. As I said this is our first strike day but it certainly won't be the last."

She said members had been treated as "second-class citizens" by the government.

"With food and other costs soaring, government workers now need a second job just to make ends meet. This is utterly shameful."

Ms Gates added she believed both GMB and Unite members intended to join the strike action.

Swansea University is developing a system to forecast the behaviour of wildfires

A system to predict wildfires is being developed at a UK university.

Swansea University is working on a model like those used in Canada and Australia in the hope it will help track the likelihood and risk fires pose as the climate gets warmer.

At the moment the Met Office uses data from its fire severity index. That offers information on how bad a blaze could get in certain conditions.

Wildfires have been historically less extreme in the UK than elsewhere.

But they could become more common with climate change.

This new system, developed by the university's Centre for Wildfire Research, will be a UK first.

The centre's director, Prof Stefan Doerr, said his team were interested in how climate change was affecting fire occurrence and the harm fires could cause people, the environment and infrastructure.

They were working on a UK fire danger rating system to predict what risk fires will pose if they break out.

"So it will tell us, in this particular type of vegetation, under these particular weather conditions, the flames may be very high, so too high for example, for people on foot," Prof Doerr said.

Prof Stefan Doerr said his team were interested in how climate change was affecting fire occurrence

That could help firefighters planning how to tackle a blaze.

"The system should also tell us whether there are any assets at risk, are there houses nearby, do we need to evacuate people," Prof Doerr said.

He hoped the system would provide effective wildfire warnings that could help with fires such as those seen in London in July.

"Fires in the UK are becoming more and more problematic, and the behaviour of the fires as well, how long the flames are, for example, or how rapidly they spread over the landscape," said Prof Doerr.

"That is changing with climate change.

"The project's overall aim is to ultimately provide the fire service, other emergency services [and] also the public with information of how dangerous a fire would be if it occurs in a particular location."

He said the Met Office system gave good basic information but did not go into enough depth.

The Met Office, he said, was now working with the Centre for Wildfire Research.

"It may be that the Met Office actually will use some of this, it may also be that we get future funding and build our own in partnership with the Met Office," he said.

The fie service's Richard Vaughan-Williams said climate change would have consequences for firefighters.

The Centre for Wildfire Research is working on a model like those used in Canada and Australia

"We're looking at putting different procedures, different equipment in place, to look at how that could affect us in the next couple of decades," he said.

Most wildfires, he said, were started by people.

This could be as a result of arson or carelessness, such as a fire caused by a disposable barbecue.

"Accidental causes are quite few and far between, things like natural events like lightning or maybe a spark from a combine harvester on a field."

Former US President Donald Trump has claimed, without evidence, that his indictment is a case of election interference, referring to the upcoming 2024 presidential race.

He faces 34 felony charges of falsifying business records in the first degree, and pleaded not guilty on all counts when he appeared in a New York court on Tuesday.

The charges all relate to a $130,000 hush-money payment by lawyer Michael Cohen to adult film star Stormy Daniels just before 2016 election - in order to prevent her from talking about allegations that she had an affair with Mr Trump in 2007.

Mr Trump spoke to supporters gathered at his Mar-a-Lago home in Florida after appearing in court.

Read more on this story.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Nicola Sturgeon has said the interests of the SNP are “as close to my heart as is possible”.

Nicola Sturgeon has returned to the Scottish Parliament for the first time since being arrested as part of an investigation into SNP finances.

The former first minister was released without charge after being questioned by Police Scotland for more than seven hours last week.

She told reporters at Holyrood that she is "absolutely certain" she has done nothing wrong.

She also indicated she would not resign from the SNP.

Ms Sturgeon, who stood down as both party leader and first minister in March, said the party had been her life and she would always act in its best interests.

She said: "I'm back in parliament today getting on with my job representing my constituents."

The former first minister told reporters she was "heavily constrained" on what she could say about the police investigation, adding: "I respect and understand the process that is under way, but I am absolutely certain that I have done nothing wrong."

Questioned on whether she should stand down from the SNP, she said she would always consider what is best for the party.

Ms Sturgeon said it had not been an "easy" period in her life. "The thing that sustains me right now is the certainty that I have done nothing wrong," she told reporters.

The former first minister also insisted that the investigation had not "shaken" her belief that the case for Scottish independence was getting "stronger every day".

Her successor, Humza Yousaf, has been under pressure from opposition parties and some within the SNP to suspend Ms Sturgeon while the police investigation is ongoing.

First Minister Humza Yousaf has rejected calls to suspend Nicola Sturgeon from the SNP

After her arrest and subsequent release he described Ms Sturgeon as being "the most impressive politician I think we have seen in Europe" and described her as "an asset to our movement, and to our party".

SNP MSPs also agreed to send flowers to the former first minister "as an expression of our support" after a group meeting at Holyrood last week.

Ms Sturgeon spoke to reporters outside her home in Glasgow on Sunday - the first time she had been seen in public since her arrest on 11 June.

Shortly after being released from custody pending further investigations she released a statement on social media which stated she would "never do anything to harm either the SNP or the country".

Her latest statement came after a Panelbase poll for the Sunday Times suggested that Labour could be on track to win more seats than the SNP in a Westminster election for the first time since 2010, with Mr Yousaf's party projected to go from 45 seats to 21.

The poll, conducted in the days after Ms Sturgeon's arrest, also suggested that her personal approval rating has fallen by 38 points since February, from plus 20 to minus 18.

Police Scotland's investigation, named Operation Branchform, is looking into what happened to more than £600,000 of donations given to the SNP by independence activists.

Officers searched Ms Sturgeon's home and the SNP's headquarters in Edinburgh on 5 April.

Former SNP chief executive Peter Murrell, who is also Ms Sturgeon's husband, was arrested and released without charge pending further investigation.

A luxury motorhome which costs about £110,000 was also seized by police from outside the home of Mr Murrell's mother in Dunfermline.

Almost two weeks later, SNP treasurer Colin Beattie was arrested and released without charge while further inquiries were carried out.

Ms Sturgeon, Mr Murrell and Mr Beattie were the three signatories on the SNP's accounts and the arrest of the former first minister had been widely expected.

Ms Sturgeon has previously denied that her decision to resign as first minister and SNP leader earlier this year was influenced by the police investigation.

Scottish Conservative chairman Craig Hoy MSP said: "While the former first minister was adamant she was innocent of wrongdoing in the SNP finances scandal, she pointedly refused to give any such assurances on behalf of Peter Murrell.

"Michelle Thomson is rightly annoyed that she was forced to give up the SNP whip by her then-leader Nicola Sturgeon, who is now refusing to follow her own precedent.

"But rather than apologise to her colleague, Nicola Sturgeon would only say she understood her anger, which will be cold comfort to those suspended under her leadership."

A network of sensors provides real-time information on changes in water quality

Artificial intelligence will be used in south-west England to predict pollution before it happens and help prevent it.

It's hoped the pilot project in Devon will help improve water quality at the seaside resort of Combe Martin, making it a better place for swimming.

Sensors placed in rivers and fields will build a picture of the state of local rivers, rainfall and soil.

AI will then combine that data with satellite imagery of local land use.

It will predict when the local river system is most vulnerable to things like agricultural runoff, allowing for measures such as asking farms to hold off on applying fertiliser.

Computer systems company CGI is running the artificial intelligence project with mapping experts Ordnance Survey. CGI said it was more than 90% accurate during a test run.

It's being trialled in what's known as the North Devon Biosphere Reserve, a 55-sq-mile (142-sq-km) protected area that includes important natural habitats as well as farmland and small towns.

"We'll give (the AI) the history," said CGI's chief sustainability officer Mattie Yeta. "We'll give it all of the geographic information, as well as data sets from the sensors for it to learn and develop the predictive mechanisms to be able to inform where these incidents are occurring and indeed when they will take place."

The green lined River Umber brings pollution into the sea at Combe Martin

It's hoped the project could clean up the seaside resort town of Combe Martin, where the quality of bathing water has long been a concern.

"It's always been bumping along the bottom in terms of water quality," says Andy Bell from the North Devon Biosphere Reserve.

Though the water at Combe Martin was last year rated by the Environment Agency as 'good', Mr Bell says that was mainly down to dry weather. More typical years, he says, were 2018 and 2019 when it received a 'poor' rating, which meant a notice being posted advising people not to swim.

"There is very much a fear in the community of what would happen if the bathing water status was rescinded." Andy says

"It would impact on the cafes, the restaurants, the B&B's… people want to come to a clean place to enjoy themselves."

The River Umber is the main culprit, according to Mr Bell. It reaches the sea through a corridor of lush green algae on the edge of the beach. The Umber is usually little more than a stream but it receives discharges both from a sewage treatment plant and agricultural runoff from farms.

Cleaning up the Umber is seen as a first step towards improving the water quality on the beach and the key to that, according to the artificial intelligence project, is a huge amount of real-time information.

Floating water sensors monitor key indicators and send back information over mobile and wifi networks

A couple of kilometres upstream from Combe Martin beach, a floating water sensor is being installed in the river. It's a square black box with solar panels on top and is moored by a cable to the bank.

It automatically transmits a stream of data on six key indicators of water health including acidity (pH), ammonia, the amount of dissolved oxygen in the water and how clear the water is (turbidity).

"It's a really good overview of water quality," said Glyn Cotton, the chief executive of environment-focussed technology company Watr, which is supplying the £2,000-a-go ($2,557) sensors to the project.

"If sewage was being discharged upstream we would see spikes in things like ammonia and pH and we can then cross-reference that with temperature and dissolved oxygen levels."

About 50 connected sensors are being used across the catchment area, a mix of water, soil and rain gauges. Mapping company Ordnance Survey are providing the expertise to integrate that information with location specific data and satellite imagery.

Mapping experts Ordnance Survey are helping integrate the sensors with satellite imagery in the AI model

"We can start training the model using data to get it understanding that when there was a pollution event - whether it was associated with a particular area?" said Donna Lyndsay from Ordnance Survey. "Was there for example a particular rainfall event that washed it all off?"

The hope is that the AI might, for example, advise a farmer to stop putting more fertiliser on his field, if the soil is dry and heavy rain forecast because of the likelihood of it being washed into the waterways.

Preventing raw sewage being discharged by water treatment plants - a practice allowed when heavy rainfall overwhelms facilities - is more complicated. The AI might see it coming after heavy rainfall but that doesn't mean the water company has the capacity to stopped it being released.

The first phase of the AI project was a desk-based model using historic data, with CGI saying it predicted pollution events with 91.5% accuracy. Now the AI model is being unleashed 'in the wild' and the question is whether it can do the same.

"We're starting very small here (in North Devon) … but the idea is very much to scale up and roll this out to different parts of the UK." said CGI's Mattie Yeta.

Artificial intelligence (AI) technology is developing fast, and transforming many aspects of life. Great promises have been made, and dire predictions as well. So what is the reality? Find out more here.

The Culture Secretary has said she is concerned banks may be closing customer accounts for political reasons following claims from Brexiteer Nigel Farage.

Lucy Frazer said it is something banks "should be thinking about carefully".

Last week, Mr Farage said his bank was closing his accounts, claiming it was "serious political persecution" from an anti-Brexit banking industry.

The government is investigating payment providers over account closures.

Last year, Paypal closed accounts run by Toby Young, who is general secretary of the Free Speech Union. They were later reinstated by the US payments company.

The government subsequently announced a review into payment services regulations, including the practice of firms apparently closing down the accounts of people or businesses that hold views the lender does not agree with.

Ms Frazer told LBC, the radio station: "I'm concerned people's accounts might be closed for the wrong reasons and it's something they [the banks] should be thinking about carefully.

"Banks are regulated, and those are the sort of things regulators should consider."

Mr Farage said that he was told two months ago that his bank, who he did not name but is understood to be Coutts, was closing down his personal and business accounts.

The BBC has approached Coutts' parent company NatWest for comment.

Mr Farage, who is the former leader of UKIP and a former member of the European Parliament, suggested that the reason for the decision could be related to laws that banks follow on "politically exposed person" or PEPs.

These are people who hold a prominent position or influence who may be more susceptible to being involved in bribery or corruption.

Banks are required to do extra due diligence on PEPs.

Mr Farage said he was told by his bank that closing his accounts was a "commercial decision".

UK Finance, which represents the banking industry, said lenders should discuss the closure of an account with a customer "so far as is feasible and permissible".

It said though there will "be situations where it may not be appropriate or permissible for a bank to engage in a dialogue to explain their reasoning".

This would include a breach of terms and conditions, "abusive or threatening behaviour to colleagues" or if banks have been directed not to by "regulators, HM Government, police and other authorities".

Mr Farage said he approached seven other banks to open personal and business accounts and was turned down by all of them.

However, he claimed there were other reasons why his existing bank acted.

"Either for reasons of being active in politics, or having opinions that modern day corporate banks don't agree with, far too many accounts have been closed in recent years," he told the BBC.

"I hope that my case blows the lid off the whole thing and that we can get changes to legislation. Everyone in the UK should be entitled to a bank account."

Speaking in the House of Commons on Monday, security minister Tom Tugendhat, said "This sort of closure, on political grounds - if that is indeed what has happened and after all we only have the allegation of it at this point - should be completely unacceptable.

"PEPs is there to prevent the corrupt use of banking facilities by politicians in corrupt regimes. It is not here to silence individuals who may hold views with which we may or may not agree."

The result of the government consultation on payment services regulations is expecting in the next few weeks.

People feel the stress in China amid an ongoing heatwave

The world's average temperature reached a new high on Monday 3 July, topping 17 degrees Celsius for the first time.

Scientists say the reading was the highest in any instrumental record dating back to the end of the 19th century.

The high heat is due to a combination of the El Niño weather event and ongoing emissions of carbon dioxide.

Researchers believe there will be more records in the coming months as El Niño strengthens.

Since the start of this year, researchers have been growing increasingly concerned about rapidly rising temperatures on land and at sea.

Record spring heat in Spain and in many countries in Asia was followed by marine heatwaves in places that don't normally see them, such as in the North Sea.

This week China continued to experience an enduring heatwave with temperatures in some places above 35C, while the southern US has also been subject to stifling conditions.

Against this background, the global average temperature reached 17.01C on 3 July, according to the US National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

This broke the previous record of 16.92C that had stood since August 2016.

Monday's high was also the warmest since satellite monitoring began in 1979.

India has also felt the impacts of heat and drought

The El Niño Southern Oscillation, or ENSO, as it is properly called, has three different phases: Hot, cold or neutral. It is the most powerful fluctuation in the climate system anywhere on Earth.

In June, scientists declared that El Niño conditions were present. This means that additional heat is now welling up to the surface of the Pacific ocean, pushing up the global temperature.

"The average global surface air temperature reaching 17C for the first time since we have reliable records available is a significant symbolic milestone in our warming world," said climate researcher Leon Simons.

"Now that the warmer phase of El Niño is starting we can expect a lot more daily, monthly and annual records breaking in the next 1.5 years."

Monday's record temperature comes as the month of June was also confirmed as the hottest June in the global record.

Average temperatures across the planet were 1.46C above the average in the period between 1850 and 1900.

The impact of high temperatures is also being felt at the world's extremes. In Antarctica, the July temperature record was recently broken with a reading of 8.7C taken at Ukraine's Vernadsky Research base.

With El Niño likely to strengthen over the coming months, it's likely that more records will be shattered as the northern hemisphere summer goes on.

"Chances are that July will be the warmest ever, and with it the hottest month ever: 'ever' meaning since the Eemian which is some 120,000 years ago," said Karsten Haustein, from the University of Leipzig.

"While southern hemisphere temperatures will drop a bit in the next few days, chances are that July and August will see even warmer days yet given that El Niño is now pretty much in full swing".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. "She had half my heart and I had half of hers" - Chloe Mitchell's sister pays tribute to her

The family of Chloe Mitchell have been going through a "living hell" following the murder of the 21-year-old Ballymena woman, her older brother has said.

Philip Mitchell told BBC News NI his family was "devastated," but he also thanked people in the County Antrim town for the support they have shown.

Ms Mitchell went missing in Ballymena on 2 June and just over a week later a man was charged with her murder.

Hundreds of people attended vigils in Ballymena and Belfast on Wednesday.

"I think its amazing the way the community - not just the Ballymena and Harryville community - but every community and further afield has come together in memory of my wee sister Chloe," Philip Mitchell said.

"And the flowers and respect they've had is absolutely outstanding. It's completely respected by our family and will always be remembered."

There were emotional scenes at a vigil near where Chloe grew up

Asked how the family was coping, Mr Mitchell said: "I wouldn't want any family to go through this, it's just a living hell really and there's no words."

Speaking beside her brother, Nadine Mitchell said: "I've not only lost my sister but I've lost my best friend."

Describing Chloe, she said she "was special because she touched so many hearts".

"My sister will always be living, while I am, because she had half of my heart and I currently have half of hers."

Chloe Mitchell's brother and uncle viewing floral tributes ahead of the vigil in Ballymena

Chloe Mitchell was the youngest of her family and is survived by her parents, two older sisters and two older brothers.

Chloe's uncle Billy McDowell said the family's grief was "unbearable".

"It's so hard for them to cope with at the minute," he added, explaining that the immediate Mitchell family had asked for privacy when in their own home.

But he said they appreciated the public's help during the searches and their support at the vigils.

Mourners released balloons into the air in Chloe's memory

Hundreds of people attended a vigil in King George V park in Ballymena, organised by a mental health charity, Turning Point NI.

Speaking at the event Philip Mitchell thanked the charity for hosting the vigil and paid tribute to police for "every thing they had done for my wee sister".

It feels like all of Harryville has turned out to this vigil, within sight of where Chloe Mitchell grew up.

Many were in tears as they hugged and comforted each other.

There is a growing pile of floral tributes in the park, many bearing the words: "Forever 21".

This is a tight knit community and people are gathering tonight to remember Chloe and comfort her family.

There was a round of applause for members of the Community Search and Rescue team who searched for her.

A vigil in Belfast was also held at City Hall, organised by the socialist feminist movement Rosa NI.

The father of Natalie McNally, who was murdered in Lurgan in December, attended the Belfast event to show solidarity with the Mitchell family.

"Our family knows exactly what [they're] going through, you wouldn't wish it on your worst enemy," Noel McNally said.

"Everyone has to stick together to stop this violence against women…stop treating women like second-class citizens, everybody has to be treated equally."

Ann Orr from Rosa said she organised the vigil to give people an opportunity to express their grief and sorrow as well as a show of support for Chloe's family and friends.

She said there was a "collective grief" over Ms Mitchell's death, highlighting she is the 18th woman to be murdered in Northern Ireland since 2020.

Crowds gathered in front of Belfast city hall this evening holding banners with different words but the same message - to end violence against women and girls.

Among the banners were posters featuring the face of 21-year-old Chloe Mitchell as well as other women murdered in Northern Ireland including Natalie McNally and Hollie Thomson.

Some of those posters were held by members of those women's families who were there to show solidarity with the Mitchell family.

A one minute silence was held in honour of Chloe - a stark contrast to the chants lead by organisers before that silence.

On Monday, police investigating the murder appealed for people to stop sharing and commenting on graphic videos and texts circulating on social media platforms.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said the material contained inaccuracies and was "also causing significant distress to Chloe's family and friends".

Flowers have been spread across King George's Park, Harryville, Ballymena

Det Ch Insp Millar added: "I am also aware of commentary in the media speculating about the recovery of human remains at specific locations.

"We would ask people not to comment and share such matters as they are likely to be incorrect, inaccurate and very hurtful to Chloe's family."

The new season of MasterChef Australia premieres a week after the death of one of its hosts, Jock Zonfrillo

MasterChef Australia will air its new season on Sunday, six days after the sudden death of one of its hosts, award-winning chef Jock Zonfrillo.

The 7 May premiere has the "full support" of the 46-year-old Scotsman's family, broadcaster Network 10 said.

A tribute show will air one hour before the MasterChef Australia season begins.

Zonfrillo was found dead in Melbourne on Monday - the new show was to have aired that night. Police are not treating his death as suspicious.

He is survived by his wife Lauren Fried and four children.

Glasgow-born Zonfrillo took great pride in mentoring contestants in the high-pressure competition and in the process, he inspired a nation of home cooks, Network 10 said on Wednesday.

"It is with Jock in our hearts that we cherish this season and remember the charismatic and big-hearted judge and chef who we knew and loved," the network said.

The show was swiftly postponed when news of the chef's death broke.

"I know my heart will break but I'm looking forward to watching Jock's final season. I want to see him mentoring the home cooks and giving some advice to them and watching them grow as pro cooks. That is how I want to remember him," one Twitter user said in reply to Network 10's announcement.

"This must have been a really emotionally tough decision for Jock's family. I think I'll need a box of tissues for this one," another Twitter user replied.

Zonfrillo started hosting MasterChef Australia in 2019, after years of establishing himself in the country's kitchens.

He had likened moving to Australia in 2000 to turning a new leaf after battling heroin addiction in his teenage years that made him broke and homeless for a time. He opened up about these struggles in his 2021 memoir, Last Shot.

He opened several restaurants in Australia, the most successful of which was Adelaide's award-winning Restaurant Orana, which opened in 2013.

However, Orana closed in 2020 and Zonfrillo ended the year with millions of dollars in debt.

Ruth Perry was the head at Caversham Primary School in Caversham, Reading

Education unions have called for Ofsted inspections to be paused in the wake of the death of a head teacher.

Ruth Perry, head at Caversham Primary School in Reading, took her own life while waiting for the publication of a report that downgraded her school from outstanding to inadequate.

The National Education Union, school leaders' union NAHT and the Association of School and College Leaders have called for inspections to be halted.

Ofsted has been asked for a comment.

Ms Perry's family said the 53-year-old had described the inspection in November as the worst day of her life.

Paul Whiteman, general secretary of school leaders' union NAHT, said: "It is clear that school leaders up and down the country are placed under intolerable pressure by the current approach.

"It cannot be right that we treat dedicated professions in this way. Something has to change. Whilst it should never take a tragedy like this to prompt action, this has to be a watershed moment.

"The anger and hurt being expressed currently by school staff is palpable. It is essential that all policy makers, including Ofsted, listen and respond.

"Given the strength of feeling and the need for a period of calm reflection, Ofsted should pause inspections this week."

Dr Mary Bousted, Joint General Secretary of the National Education Union, said: "Given recent events and widespread concerns about leaders' wellbeing, it's the height of insensitivity for Ofsted to be going into schools or colleges this week.

"Ofsted should pause all its inspections and reflect upon the unmanageable and counterproductive stress they cause for school leaders, and the impact on leaders."

Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, called for "an immediate review" and urged the inspectorate to consider replacing the current system of "graded judgements which reduce everything that a school or college does to a single blunt descriptor".

He said: "These judgements do not do justice to schools and colleges, and negative outcomes are devastating to leaders, staff and communities."

Ms Perry's sister, Julia Waters, has called for schools to "boycott Ofsted".

In a Facebook post she said: "In Ruth's memory and to protect others, I call on headteachers (with the support of teaching unions) to boycott Ofsted until a thorough, independent review has been conducted and changes implemented; refuse Ofsted inspectors entry to their school (or, at least, refuse to comply with inspectors' requests)."

She previously said her sister told her in feedback to the senior leadership team inspectors said a boy doing a dance move akin to flossing was evidence of the sexualisation of children at the school.

There were also said to be claims of child-on-child abuse, which turned out to be a playground fight.

In the report, seen by the BBC but not published on the Ofsted website, leaders were described as having a "weak understanding of safeguarding requirements and procedures".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

The report stated there was not "appropriate supervision during breaktimes", which meant pupils were "potentially at risk of harm".

But it also described a "welcoming and vibrant school", where relationships between staff and pupils were "warm and supportive", and bullying was rare.

Flora Cooper, executive head of John Rankin Schools in Newbury, Berkshire, had earlier tweeted Ms Waters' plea and said she had refused access to inspectors who were due to visit on Tuesday.

She tweeted: "I've just had the call. I've refused entry. This is an interesting phone call. Doing this for everyone for our school staff everywhere!"

In a statement West Berkshire Council later said that following discussions the inspection would go ahead as planned.

"We understand that the inspection process can be a busy and stressful time for teachers, governors and school staff. As a council, we work closely with all of our schools to support them through the inspection process and address any individual concerns," it added.

The Department for Education said inspections were a "legal requirement".

A spokesman said: "Inspections are hugely important as they hold schools to account for their educational standards and parents greatly rely on the ratings to give them confidence in choosing the right school for their child.

"We offer our deep condolences to the family and friends of Ruth Perry following her tragic death and are continuing to provide support to Caversham Primary School at this difficult time."

The school inspectors who work for Ofsted have the legal right to enter schools and ask for any documents they wish.

In theory, under the law, anyone who obstructs them could be fined up to £2,500. But the reality is it would never come to that.

These are unusual circumstances - a head teacher, grieving for a colleague, who wants to take a stand.

Head teachers describe Ofsted inspections as a process many find almost unbearably stressful, which takes a toll on their mental and physical health.

Ofsted has a legal duty to check on the standard of education and welfare of children in school. The shocking death of a head teacher in her prime has ignited strong feelings and debate about how they do that.

A petition calling for education secretary Gillian Keegan and Ofsted chief inspector Amanda Spielman to review the inspection and to make changes to the inspection system has so far gathered more than 40,000 signatures.

In the report seen by the BBC, but yet to be published on the Ofsted website, the watchdog rated the school as inadequate, the lowest rating.

Matthew Purves, Ofsted regional director for the south east, said: "We were deeply saddened by Ruth Perry's tragic death.

"Our thoughts remain with Mrs Perry's family, friends and everyone in the Caversham Primary School community."

Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.

French President Emmanuel Macron has been criticised after he removed his watch during an interview about pension changes.

France is gripped by protests and strikes over Mr Macron's decision to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64.

Mr Macron's representatives said the president took off the watch because it was "clinking on the table".

But his critics have claimed the watch shows he is out of touch with the public.

Some wrongly claimed it was worth up to €80,000 ($86,000; £70,000), but the Élysée Palace said this was not correct.

The incident happened part way through an interview on Wednesday, when Mr Macron was justifying his reasons for lifting the pension age.

As he rested his forearms on the table, a thud could be heard.

The president then placed his hands under the table as he continued talking. When he brought them back up, the watch had been removed.

His team insisted the removal was entirely innocent. But the missing timepiece quickly drew his critics' attention.

Now you see it... French President Emmanuel Macron removed his watch during an interview about his controversial pension changes

Clémence Guetté, an MP for the opposition left-wing La France Insoumise party, has been taking part in the protests against the pension reform.

She tweeted that as the president was claiming minimum wage earners had unprecedented purchasing power, "the final image" was him "removing his pretty luxury watch".

"The president of the rich has never worn his name so well," said her colleague, Farida Amrani.

The exact cost of the watch was debated online, with some of Mr Macron's critics suggesting it was worth €80,000.

But the Élysée Palace told French media the president was wearing a Bell & Ross BR V1-92 model, which is personalised with a coat of arms.

Prices online for this watch, without the personalisation, are between €1,660 and €3,300 (£1,460 and £2,900).

"He has been wearing it very regularly for more than a year and a half," the palace added in a statement.

Mr Macron has long been criticised by his political rivals for supporting the wealthy.

In February, he came under attack for giving Jeff Bezos, one of the richest men in the world, France's highest honour, while people were on the streets protesting about their financial futures.

He has argued the changes to the retirement age are a "necessity" to keep the pension budget from running into deficit.

His government decided last week to use a special constitutional power to force through the reform without a vote, after realising they would struggle to pass in the National Assembly. The move triggered two no-confidence votes, which the government survived.

The controversy has renewed unrest across the country, which began in January when the plans were unveiled.

A visit by King Charles III this weekend has had to be postponed as a result.

Alongside the protests, there have been widespread strikes that have involved transport workers, teachers, rubbish collectors and oil refinery workers.

Nadia Ali started wearing a hijab in the holy month of Ramadan

"I've never felt so complete in my life, so content. It's unreal."

During this year's Ramadan, BBC Asian Network presenter Nadia Ali decided to do something new. Something which made her nervous at first.

The religious headscarf is worn by Muslim girls and women as a display of modesty, with one of the first occasions for Nadia being while she was presenting for the station.

Nadia says she's had an overwhelmingly positive reaction on social media, but admits being in tears before she went to work.

"I was very nervous about how people would respond," Nadia tells Asian Network News. "I think that was the main thing.

"My listeners were amazing. They've shown me so much love.

"I think that always gives you a bit more empowerment and the confidence boost that you need."

Nadia says she's been fully supported by her family, and before she went to work, her husband emphasised it was her choice.

"That's another thing which I found really amazing, because I think sometimes with the hijab, there's a perception that it's come from oppression, or someone's [forced] you to wear this.

"But for me, it was totally the opposite."

The final push of support came from her four-year-old daughter, Hana.

"I was like, Hana do you like my curly hair or do you like my scarf? And she was like, 'I love your scarf mummy'."

Nadia says she took that as "a call from God".

This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Meet the women who are breaking boundaries and living their lives as a hijabi.

While she's been thinking about wearing a hijab since the coronavirus pandemic, Nadia says it's only this Ramadan she decided to take the step.

"I've been thinking about it since then, but I've just never really had the guts to do it," she says.

She feels it's the final missing piece of a "jigsaw puzzle".

"I've been a good Muslim, I like to think. I've prayed, I've done Ramadan, I give to charity, you know, I've done all the bits around it.

"But the hijab was one thing that I felt I wasn't ready to do," Nadia says.

"And actually, I come from quite a modern Muslim family where not many people wear the hijab. So, for me, that was the one thing I felt was missing."

It's still taking some getting used to, though.

"It's so overwhelming, because one minute I am feeling really confident, really empowered," she says.

"However, on the flip side, I've got this battle. I've got to change my clothes and [think if] the scarf goes with this [outfit]? I miss my hair.

"It's just this new look, I'm not used to it, so it's balancing the two."

For now, Nadia says she's ready to continue wearing the hijab after the holy month of Ramadan.

"I have made a commitment. And you know, things change in life," she says.

"Right now, my heart, my soul is saying I want to be a hijabi."

Listen to Ankur Desai's show on BBC Asian Network live from 15:00-18:00 Monday to Thursday - or listen back here.

Big meat eaters' diets result in almost twice the carbon emissions per day of those who eat small amounts of meat

Having big UK meat-eaters cut some of it out of their diet would be like taking 8 million cars off the road.

That's just one of the findings of new research that scientists say gives the most reliable calculation yet of how what we eat impacts our planet.

The Oxford University study is the first to pinpoint the difference high- and low-meat diets have on greenhouse gas emissions, researchers say.

The meat industry said the analysis overstated the impact of eating meat.

Prof Peter Scarborough, of Oxford University, who led the new research, told BBC News: ''Our results show that if everyone in the UK who is a big meat-eater reduced the amount of meat they ate, it would make a really big difference."

"You don't need to completely eradicate meat from your diet."

Prof Scarborough, who is part of the Livestock Environment And People (LEAP) project surveyed 55,000 people who were divided into big meat-eaters, who ate more than 100g of meat a day, which equates to a big burger, low meat-eaters, whose daily intake was 50g or less, approximately a couple of chipolata sausages, fish-eaters, vegetarians and vegans.

While it is well established that producing meat has a bigger environmental footprint than plant-based food, it has never been calculated in such detail, according to Prof Susan Jebb, who is head of the Food Standards Agency and a world leading nutrition scientist at Oxford University. She was not involved in the research.

"What makes this assessment different is that it takes real people's diets and is based on the various production methods we have at the moment," she said. "The researchers have assessed at a much more granular level than has been done before the environmental footprint of what they are eating."

The research shows that a big meat-eater's diet produces an average of 10.24 kg of planet-warming greenhouse gasses each day. A low meat-eater produces almost half that at 5.37 kg per day. And for vegan diets - it's halved again to 2.47 kg a day.

The analysis is the first to look at the detailed impact of diets on other environmental measures all together. These are land use, water use, water pollution and loss of species, usually caused by loss of habitat because of expansion of farming. In all cases high meat-eaters had a significantly higher adverse impact than other groups.

Britain has some of the most sustainable methods of meat production. And the sector employs nearly 100,000 people making £9.5bn a year for the UK.

Nick Allen, CEO of the British Meat Processors Association says that such assessments were incomplete.

''One of the frustrations with a report like this is that it looks just at the emissions from livestock production. It doesn't take into account that carbon gets absorbed into the grassland, trees and hedgerows [on farms]. If they took those sums into account you would probably have a different picture,'' he said.

In response Prof Scarborough said that a number of studies, including this one, had concluded that the taking up of CO2 by grasslands only have a ''modest impact''.

A separate study also published in Nature Food in 2021 concluded that food production was responsible for a third of all global greenhouse gas emissions. And an independent review for the Department for the Environment Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) called for a 30% reduction in meat consumption by 2032 in order to meet the UK's net zero target.

But according to Prof Jebb, little has been done to achieve this aim.

"In the UK it is still not accepted that we are eating an amount of meat which is inconsistent with our environmental goals. At the moment, the conversation is not how we are going to do this, but whether it is really necessary," she said.

"In the case of obesity people know they shouldn't be eating confectionary cakes and biscuits. They may not want to hear it, but they know it to be true. With meat they are not wholly convinced."

She adds that as well as encouraging people to change their diets, the government also needs to support farmers through the transition, by protecting their livelihoods.

"Our farmers are trying pretty hard to be sustainable, more so than in many other countries, and yet we in the UK are putting... more pressure on our farmers to change, and that is pretty tough if you are a farmer," she said.

In response a Defra spokesperson said ''people should make their own decisions around the food they eat".

"Achieving the net zero target is a priority for this government, and whilst food choices can have an impact on greenhouse gas emissions, well-managed livestock also provide environmental benefits such as supporting biodiversity, protecting the character of the countryside and generating important income for rural communities."

A spokesperson for the Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board said ''AHDB is disappointed to see, once again, a study conveying simplistic conclusions to a very complex topic. Foods fulfil different roles within our diets and therefore cannot be fairly compared by weight, calorie or even nutrient contribution. Limited intake of animal-based foods has also shown to increase nutritional inadequacy, an area often overlooked by these kinds of studies''.

The study has been published in Nature Food

The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.

Caroline Sutherland says she has been left "traumatised" by the process

Caroline Sutherland never imagined she would have to lay her father to rest twice.

Norrie Kennedy died in 2018 and was buried in Ayr Cemetery but just four years later his family faced the heartache of him being exhumed.

His body was removed along with 125 others after graves within the site became waterlogged.

His daughter now says the family has been let down by South Ayrshire Council over reburial arrangements.

The council said it was working closely with families to ensure that all of their wishes were met for the care of their loved ones.

Affected families were told of the drainage issues in 2022.

Restoration work at the cemetery began that August and involved the exhumation of 126 bodies.

They were taken to a specialist facility near Prestwick Airport to be prepared for re-interment.

In that time the lairs - or plots - were repaired, and work was completed last December.

Norrie Kennedy died in 2018 and was buried in Ayr Cemetery

The head of South Ayrshire Council previously told BBC Scotland News the families' wishes when it came to the reburial of their loved ones was his "number one priority".

But Ms Sutherland said she felt "let down" by the council.

She said that on the day her father was reburied, she arrived at the cemetery to find his gravestone was covered in mud.

Ms Sutherland told BBC Scotland News: "It was just a building site, there was mud and muck all over the gravestone and it was an icy, cold day in December.

"We had to try to clean his gravestone but because it was so icy, tissues would not work. Baby wipes didn't work either.

"A gravedigger had to come over and use water from his lunch to clean the gravestone before we could rebury him."

Ms Sutherland said: "The compassion wasn't there. It was a conveyor belt. That's not how you treat people.

"At the end of the day, we are people who have lost dads, mums, brothers, sisters and kids.

"We're trying to do the best we can to honour their lives and it's just muddied. That's what we're going to remember, it supersedes all the good memories."

South Ayrshire Council said it had spent £284,000 in total on re-interments, floral displays and the services of funeral directors.

The council leader previously promised to cover all costs and meet "any request" the families wanted in regard to reburials.

But Ms Sutherland said her family were told only certain coffins and floral tributes were allowed.

She said: "There was a limit on what you were allowed to spend, regardless of what anybody else at the council said.

"For all this heartache, stress, sleepless nights, crying you know, fighting even within the family and that's it - coffin and some flowers."

The local authority told BBC Scotland News it understood that it had been a distressing time for families.

The council also said it had been in regular contact with relatives and lair owners throughout the process.

A spokesperson said: "Initial contact was via letter and subsequently telephone calls, and face-to-face meetings have also taken place.

"We have been working closely with families to ensure that all of their wishes are met for the care of their loved ones.

"Each family has individual requirements for their loved one and we have, where possible, fully absorbed those costs.

"The council has also provided support for families through bereavement counselling and will continue to offer support and liaise with them directly."

Ms Sutherland said she had been left "traumatised" and, despite being offered mental health support by the local authority, she believed "no amount of counselling" would help.

Families have also been told about water-logging at Troon Cemetery

Further drainage issues have also been discovered 10 miles away at Troon cemetery.

The council has identified flooding within 87 lairs there.

Of the total 51 are occupied and the bodies inside will also now need to be exhumed.

South Ayrshire Council has promised to "liaise directly with families" impacted.

Ms Sutherland said she could only sympathise with families who had loved ones in the affected graves at Troon cemetery.

"There's nothing I can say that will help them in any way, apart from keep fighting, make sure you get what you want.

"Don't take no for an answer.

"They just need to try to get through it the best they can."